I think we're going through this
breather. From a broadbased standpoint,
I'd be careful to be sure. We are
optimistic about the overall technology
cycle here.
>> Next year, we should see a broadening of
this AI scene
>> going into 26. Our call is for a
continued expansion of breadth in the
market.
>> This is Bloomberg Surveillance with
Jonathan Pharaoh, Lisa Abramowitz, and
Ann Marie Hordern.
>> Good morning. It's Thanksgiving Eve and
it's an open interest anchor takeover of
surveillance. I'm Danny Berger alongside
Matt Miller this morning and it's a
market in recovery mode. Three straight
days of gains for the S&P 500, nearing a
fourth, just 2% away from all-time
highs. As Nvidia congratulates Alphabet
on its success in the horse race for AI
chip dominance. Meanwhile, in Washington
DC, there's a different kind of race.
Bloomberg reporting that NEC director
Kevin Hasset is the president's front
runner for Fed chair. Matt, that sent
10-year yields to 4% and helped this
overall risk rally.
>> Yeah, you know, it's interesting. I uh
have spoken to Paul Tudtor Jones about
this a couple of times and he said he
expects President Trump to put the
yesest yes man there is in the chair at
the Fed. And I guess that is Kevin pass
it right now. So investors are betting
he uh has a pretty easy time of lowering
rates to right now uh we show 3% as the
terminal rate. I
>> I think it's probably important that
that's the interpretation, right? Like
oh great we're going to get a bunch of
cuts, not loss of independence at the
Fed. If that's what the market was
expecting, you probably would have had a
bigger reaction, right? So if this was a
trial balloon, I guess trial success,
cool stocks rallied, bonds a little
lower.
>> I think that's a pretty big assumption.
Um, you could easily make the argument
that there is going to be a loss of
independence at the Fed. Not that it's
binary, right? Either zero or one, but
there's going to be far less
independence with Hasset, with Myron,
with Waller, and whoever else that the
president decides to install. So, um,
the market just doesn't really seem to
care that much.
>> Okay. Can I play devil's advocate for
you? Getting spicy at 6:00 a.m. Um, they
weren't able to oust Cook, right? That's
kind of fallen by the wayside. It's
true, but she's a dove.
>> But maybe Kevin Hasset comes in and
needs to prove to the market that he is
independent, or else it's a market that
will react in a way that President Trump
won't want. So maybe in that way,
independence is safe and we can all go
to sleep soundly at night.
>> Yeah, we'll see if Kevin Hassid decides
to say no to the president.
>> Meanwhile, it's a market that is feeling
confident, at least for now. Again, we
are on track for our fourth day of gains
after the biggest 3-day gain for the S&P
500 since May. Euro going a whole lot of
nowhere. Your 10-year yield as we were
just talking about hovering right around
4%. First it was the week consumer data
yesterday and then the Kevin Hasset hat
tip that helped us rally. We are ever
about one basis point higher for that.
And NAX crude that's at $57.90
as hopes for a Ukraine peace deal send
oil to its lowest in about a month.
Coming up on the show, Amy Woo Silverman
of RBC Capital Markets with stocks
looking for that fourth day of gains.
Dan eyes of Webb Bush Securities on
shifting tides in AI and Nadia Martin
Wigan of Spellelen Capital on what
Russia Ukraine peace talks would mean
for energy. And we begin this hour with
stocks rising as risk appetite returns
after a stretch of volatility. Amy Woo
Silverman of RBC Capital Markets writing
there's actually a lot more hedging de
there's a lot more demand for hedging
than is currently priced into the
market. The risk of missing out is
almost worse than the risk of a draw
down. And I'm pleased to say that Amy
joins us now. And Amy, Matt and I were
talking to you about a week ago in in
the midst of some of this downturn in
the market. You were talking about the
shadow hedges, the desire for hedges and
the places people were turning to get
them. How has that evolved over the past
week as markets have recovered
video was still up and then and then it
turned for the rest of the day. Danny.
Um, you know, look, I I think part of
the problem that I had described was
this idea that there is actually a lot
of concern about the fragility of a lot
of the trades because they're not only
related to AI, they're related to the
concentration risk that you see in the
MAG 7. But obviously this year it's been
much more about that up crash being
something that investors have to be
concerned about, that fear of missing
out. And so when you do get the down
days, you get a little bit more pileon
and you do see that in the skew in the
market, meaning that downside demand
remains quite sticky. Even when you
reverse the market moves and you have
more up days, that skew hasn't quite
changed as much because again that
fragility is at top of investors minds.
>> What about the treatment of tech, Amy?
Because before it was a market that was
pricing in all the AI winners would all
be that that they would all be winners.
Things have started to change. We're
looking at another day of Nvidia losing
in the pre-market and Alphabet gaining.
Has the treatment of these stocks
shifted? Has that narrative and the way
we price it in started to move?
Yeah, and I think to some degree that
actually might be a good thing. So, one
thing we look at isn't just inter stock
market dispersion, but obviously inter
mag 7 dispersion. And so you know on a
day where you have Nvidia going down but
Google going up and obviously that story
is tied to each other then it becomes
maybe something that's also more
diversified because one of the biggest
concerns has been if correlation rises
because it's all one big trade it's
quite incestuous that that fragility is
not good for the market even in a time
when things are going up. So if it is
the case that one is more of a
diversifier for the other and you don't
get that spike in correlation, I know
for our investor base when they're
thinking about volatility and hedging,
that is a big component uh in the market
market structure that you know is very
key for for how they diversify the
portfolio.
>> Don't we necessarily have less
correlation now among the mag seven?
Right? They were all working together
investing in each other. It was a very
incestuous circular um uh uh economy and
now you've got one against the other. Um
it seems like it would reduce
correlation and maybe even reduce
concentration risk.
>> Yeah. Exactly. Exactly Matt. So it's
it's that diversifier aspect that is
important. I mean, I think the thing is
there's still that that incestuousness
uh hasn't fully gone away, you know, and
that's not just in terms of what capex
investments are, but obviously there's
issues on the credit side as well that
investors are watching for. So I don't
think, you know, this alleviates the
whole picture, but I I actually think
even though it's like Google is going
up, Nvidia is going down, the way that
investors are thinking about it is well,
at least my implied correlation on the
intermag 7 is something that could be a
diversifier. So this whole market isn't
all reaching at once.
>> Amy, how how um strong does the retail
bid look to you right now? Because we
finally had a more than 5% draw down,
just barely, but it happened from peak
to trough last week. Um, are retailers
going to continue to be buying the dip?
Is that still a huge presence in this
market?
It
>> so it has waned and you've seen that in
some of the sentiment markers, Matt. But
it is something that, you know, we're
watching very closely because I think
one thing we've talked about is the
reason that investors have that
institutional investors, just to be
clear, have been afraid of, you know,
really piling in on hedges. That's why
we call it shadow hedging, is that
retail bid has continued to stay in the
market. Now there are these extraneous
forces. So for instance, how
cryptocurrency is doing, how other
factors are doing that are actually
quite correlated to that retail bid. So
we are watching those extraneous factors
closely as well because it is
interesting to see when you you know
like crypto is always supposed to be
this uh this hedge asset but in reality
is a risk asset and then it's also very
correlated to that bit that you see in
NASDAQ. So, I think those things, even
though they're not directly tied into
the stock market, are very important as
factors for sentiment.
>> Amy, in terms of finding other places to
hedge, there was a Goldman Sachs report
about what hedge funds are shorting. And
one of them that's at historic levels,
albeit at a relatively low level, is
utilities. 2.3% are free float. Again,
that doesn't sound terribly exciting,
but it that is the most in history. I
wonder if that could be interpreted as a
hedge for AI given the close proximity
and the correlations we've been talking
about and if it is a hedge does that
make sense as one?
>> Yeah, I think it does. You know, when
you think about what everything comes
down to and what could be the bottleneck
for large parts of the AI trade, it's
just it's just getting enough compute,
right? and and that has implications not
just for the United States, but if you
think kind of bigger, it's also
geopolitically
um the the race that is going on right
now between China and the United States.
Again, it's that ability to do compute
and what bottlenecks happen. The only
issue I see when you think about doing
it through utilities is is one, there's
just not that much market cap relative
to other sectors and two, you know, that
liquidity is traditionally not as I
guess free flowing as other sectors. So
if if that you think about that as your
hedge, I don't know if that is the
cleanest that you could have versus, you
know, outright owning something as a
hedge in AI underliers.
>> Amy, great to see you this morning.
Thank you for joining us bright and
early before the Thanksgiving Day
holiday. Amy Woo Silverman of RBC
Capital Markets. Matt, I want to bring
some breaking earnings. Just coming
across from Deer, it's not looking
great. Their 2026 net income at the high
end is $4.74.75
billion. The estimate was above 5
billion. Also, I'm looking at a lot of
their sales, what they see for next
year. Production precision a net sales
down as much as 10%. For the
agricultural giant, these are not good
figures.
>> You know, they're bad. Um, if if you're
forecasting net income between 4 and
4.75 billion and the street was looking
for 5.31 billion, that's a gaping hole
that's approaches the level of, you
know, the UK deficit. So, it's a real
problem. I'm being facitious. Obviously,
the UK deficit, the the hole we're
worried about there is $20 billion. Um,
but this is a pretty big miss for Deer.
And I think it's interesting because
Deer is increasingly being seen as an AI
play, not in the same way that, you
know, Caterpillar uh is building data
centers, but they're using so much more
AI in their product. Um the problem is
that farmers uh right now are taking
such a hard hit due to the uh trade war
uh that that they can't afford to buy or
invest in this new equipment.
>> I say how much of this is just a direct
read into how much the tariffs are
hurting the sector. Something that the
president obviously has been focused on
with the call with President Xi talking
about the purchasing of soybeans. Okay,
let's get you an update on stories
happening elsewhere this morning with
your Bloomberg brief. Here's Vonnie
Quinn. Hey Bonnie.
>> Good morning Danny. Well, White House
National Economic Council Director Kevin
Hassid emerging as the front runner to
be the next Fed chair. Sources telling
us here at Bloomberg, the economist is
seen as someone who would bring the
president's approach to interest rate
cutting to the Fed. Hassad would accept
the job if asked, saying, quote, "I want
to serve my country and I want to serve
my president."
US presidential envoy Steve Witco is set
to visit Russia to discuss a deal to end
the war in Ukraine. President Donald
Trump shared he's sending Witkov to meet
Vladimir Putin in Moscow next week.
Trump also shared he will not meet with
the leaders of Russia nor Ukraine until
a deal is in its final stages.
Fuel package share is trading lower in
the pre-market. The company announcing
it's going to cut up to 6,000 jobs
through 2028 by using more AI tools. The
cuts will result in about $650 million
in restructuring charges. HP also giving
a profit outlook for the current year
that fell short of Wall Street
estimates. And that is your Bloomberg
brief. Danny
>> Bonnie, thank you so much. Up next on
the show, a day of reckoning in the UK.
We have the highest borrowing costs of
any G7 country. There are limits on the
price that banks, hedge funds, and
pension funds are willing to pay for our
debt. The more that we try to sell, the
more it will cost us.
More snark from Matt Miller on the UK
coming up next. Alongside Bloomberg,
Skyler Montgomery and Coning, you're
watching Bloomberg Surveillance.
Three days of gains, the best since May.
Can we make it a fourth? Futures this
morning, pushing higher, being led again
by tech after tech led us to the
downside despite the participation of
Nvidia. NASDAQ 100 futures up nearly
half of a percent. S&P up a third of a
percent while Russell 2000 participates
in the rally up 2/10en of 1%. Under
surveillance this morning, a day of
reckoning in the UK. Our borrowing costs
were in the middle of the pack compared
to other advanced economies. But now we
have the highest borrowing costs of any
G7 country. At the budget last year, I
changed the fiscal rules to strike a
careful balance to invest more in
capital alongside a credible plan to
grow our economy and bring debt down.
There are limits on the price that
banks, hedge funds, and pension funds
are willing to pay for our debt. The
more that we try to sell, the more it
will cost us. Here's the latest. UK
Chancellor Rachel Reeves set to announce
her second budget facing a tall order of
stabilizing the country's debt and
appeasing members of her party.
Bloomberg's Lizzie Burton joins us now
live from London. Lizzie, just how much
of a bind is the chancellor in today.
>> A massive bind, Danny. In just about an
hour and 15 minutes, Chancellor Rachel
Ruse will stand up in there in the UK
Parliament, caught between the bond
vigilantes on the one hand and the left
of her Labour party on the other. Now,
she had rolled the pitch to break
Labour's manifesto and raise income tax,
but then she's U-turned on that more
recently and her Treasury officials have
been briefing us that we can expect a
smorgas board of smaller tax rises in
order to fill the fiscal hole. Now, will
that be credible with markets? And how
much is it going to give headroom
against her fiscal rules? The
expectation, Danny, is 15 billion pounds
of headroom, only a tiny bit more than
the 9.9 billion that she left last time,
and that isn't really what the market
was hoping for. Markets would like to
see more, but even then, 15 billion is
going to be politically painful for this
chancellor. You remember the words of
George Bush Senior saying no new read my
lips no new taxes. Well a year ago after
her last budget Rach said she wasn't
going to come back for more borrowing
and more taxes and here she is expected
to come with some more. Already Labor is
languishing in the polls. It's never
done so badly in the polls. So when it
comes to the bar for success, it is very
low for Reeves today. If she can avoid a
guilt market selloff and even just stay
in the job, perhaps that'll be a mark of
success for Reeves.
>> What is the actual policy pronouncement
then look like, Lizzie? If she can't
unveil huge giant measures, what sort of
peace meal type fundraising might we
expect?
>> So, here's what the smorggas board set
to look like. Danny, we've got the front
page of the newspapers talking about
this tax heavy budget today. It looks
like it's going to be pensioners,
savers, workers who are hit by this. The
biggest tax raising measure likely to be
a stealth tax rise where she freezes
personal tax thresholds for another two
years instead of increasing them with
inflation. And then we're told to expect
a mansion tax on homes worth more than 2
million pounds. Yes, that might be
politically popular with the left of her
party, but it's not expected to raise as
much as some would hope. Then on the
spending side of the ledger, it may be
that she lifts the two child cap on
benefits, but that would cost £3
billion. And already we know that her
party has stood in the way of many of
the welfare reforms that the government
would like to make if she backloads the
spending cuts to the end of the decade.
Again, credibility questions come up
about debt sustainability. So, of
course, we are laser focused on the
guilt market reaction to this budget.
Yes, you have jitters in the likes of
France and Japan as well. But in the UK
as ever, Liz truss looms over the guilt
market. Then you have the currency
market. You've seen huge volatility in
the pound against the euro. And you've
seen traders piling into bets that the
pound's going to be weaker against the
dollar as a result of this budget. If
Reeves can pull this off, it may be that
you see a relief rally for sterling. But
I would say Danny, don't judge the
market reaction straight away when she
sits down. Give it some time to breathe.
Give it until tomorrow as well because
of course with Thanksgiving we'll have
low liquidity and the UK incredibly
exposed to international movements.
Lizzie, thank you very much. Looking
forward to your continued coverage of
this. Bloomberg's Lizzie Burton. Joining
us now is Bloomberg's Skyler Montgomery
Coning. Skyler, first let me say so
thrilled that you're on the Bloomberg
team with us now. And look, people are
concerned about volatility, but this is
a very different environment from the
Liz Trust blowup. We don't have
double-digit un uh inflation. We're not
about to get a huge package probably of
unfunded tax cuts. So, what is the risk
of volatility in today's budget
unveiling?
>> Yeah, I mean, I think it's something
people are watching very closely because
there are quite a lot of things that can
go wrong. I mean, for me in particular,
there's three things that worry me from
a market impact and volatility
perspective. That's how much headroom do
you get? Is it a credible budget? As
well as what are the economic
implications? So, in terms of headroom,
um, as we've just talked about or as you
just showed, the last budget, the only
headroom was around 10 billion. So, very
simply, the market wants more than that.
Something around 15 to 20 billion would
be quite positive. And for guilts in the
pound, I think if we get that, it's
quite positive. on the other side. If
you don't, it's negative. In terms of
fiscal credibility, I think this is
really the volatility risk in terms of
yes, we're looking at how credible are
those forecasts. But we're more
concerned with how does the labor market
as a whole or labor party rather as a
whole react to this. Um so if there's
revolt within the party and there's more
of a risk of a change in leadership, any
new leadership is like to be more fiscal
loosening and so that would certainly be
negative for the pound and for guilts.
And then finally on the economic outlook
very simply uh worse growth inflation
mix um as in both being negative is
positive for guilts and negative for the
pound. Although I would say there's more
nuance there in terms of what's already
priced as in there is room for the pound
um there's not as much room for the
pound to sell off as there is for guilts
to rally. Skyler, why are we always so
breathless about the UK economy when um
you know the the the debt level is tiny
in comparison to the US um smaller than
uh the EU certainly and for example
comparison to France and and Italy. They
have higher deficits. I know that they
don't really have a lot of growth in the
UK, but inflation isn't off the charts
and they're not in a recession. If I
look at the pound, it's not incredibly
weak or incredibly strong. The same is
true if I look at rates. I mean 450 is
like middle of the pack if you look over
the last few years. What's the big deal
about what we say like a yawning 20
billion fiscal hold? That's like a
Tuesday afternoon in Washington.
>> Yeah, I think it's largely just the
scarring we had from the Liz Trust
crisis because you had this trigger
within the bond market where you had a
move that became very volatile very
quickly. It was nonlinear. We're still
looking back to that. I think too
there's more of a reaction function
where you get higher yields that means
higher debt servicing costs and it kind
of goes out of control. But as you say,
right now we're not in a particularly
bad situation relative to the rest of
G10. Debt to GDP is kind of middling in
the pact and we do have a yield
advantage in the UK now. Um so that
would point to relative positivity and
if you can have the economics support
you in terms of in September we got a
clear sign that inflation had peaked. Um
since then economic surprises have been
to the downside that's a further
indication that inflation will come down
from here. that will allow the Bank of
England to ease and so you can get this
virtuous cycle rather than the kind of
negative cycle that we had previously
where you have lower inflation, lower
yields, lower debt servicing costs and
that's more supportive for the general
outlook in the UK.
>> It does seem, you know, like the French
are much more in catastrophe stage,
right? Nothing works there and yet uh
they only pay 3.4% 4% to borrow money
for 10 years and and they don't have the
kind of fluctuations that guilts have.
There's not as much of a worry about a
trust moment. Why is the UK
so reliant on the whims of external
investors? Is it all down to the sort of
self-inflicted wound of Brexit?
>> I think that's absolutely part of the
story. And it's quite interesting
because the French also has a large
amount of their debt that's owned by
foreign investors. So, you'd think that
looks risky as well, but I think the
main difference perhaps is that there's
this ECB backdrop or the rest of Europe
can come in and save the French um if
there was a big issue. And I think
particularly for me, my view is that,
you know, that's not as strong as uh a
stop on French spreads, but you don't
get the same kind of worries as you do
in the UK because we've made such big
mistakes in the past like Brexit, like
the Liz Trust crisis. And and definitely
there's some scarring that means you get
a bigger reaction here than elsewhere.
>> Skyler, isn't the flip side of that just
if there is a bond market rally, the
government like all of a sudden, yay,
much lower cost. it kind of helps fund
itself.
>> Yeah, I mean absolutely and I do think
that's the trend unless we get something
particularly bad um from this budget. I
say the biggest risk is that it's
actually politics rather than the policy
itself. I think the government has
actually prioritized fiscal prudence.
You've also had a test of the market
before this as in because we've had
budget headlines come through. yields
have already risen um on the idea that
we weren't going to get the income tax
hikes that we were expecting. Um so the
government knows what the yield market
reaction is and they can respond to that
or they can take a signal from that
ahead of the budget and so hopefully
policy is much better and we just have
to worry about the politics side which
is admittedly a bigger risk.
>> Skyler, thank you so much. That's
Bloomberg Skyler Montgomery Coning.
Don't you think some of like the
excitement around it is just the fact
that we had a former prime minister and
a head of lettuce going headto head and
there's so much pomp and like excitement
around it versus the actual numbers
themselves.
>> Absolutely. I mean um it's the whole
thing, right? The fact that they have a
monarchy, the fact that the city of
London is for financial markets so
sacred and so um important still.
>> Yes. uh makes us pay much closer
attention to what's going on in Great
Britain than we do for example in
Germany which is a far more important
economy and yet no one knows what's
going on there.
>> I promise 7:30 the budget release will
still be exciting even if it's not as
big of an economy as Germany. Coming up
on the show Dan I of Web Bush on why big
tech has room to rally into year end.
Plus Vonnie Quinn has your morning
movers deer taking a dive on an earnings
miss. This is Bloomberg.
A rally greeting this holiday shortened
week. Good morning. We're on track for a
fourth consecutive day of gains led this
time by tech. Whereas this time last
week it was losses led by tech. NASDAQ
100 futures up nearly half a percent.
The S&P up a third of a percent. Russell
2000 futures also participate in the
rally. Helping things out was a rally in
this bond market yesterday. It started
with weaker consumer confidence data and
other weak data that sent yields lower.
This morning they're ever so slightly
higher, but they remain around the level
that they were before. You add to that a
Trump top pick of Kevin Hasset for the
Fed nomination. That's solidifying a 4%
on your 10-year yield. Your 30-year
yield this morning at 46550.
Three hours away from the cash open.
Let's get a check on your morning
movers. With that is Vonnie Quinn. Hey
Vonnie.
>> Hey Danny. Well, you just broke deer's
earnings a few minutes ago and it's
true. There's no visibility for a farm
economy recovery just yet. And you can
see that in Deer's earnings. Now the
stock is up year to date about 17% down
though in the pre-market after its
forecast disappointed. It gave a range
for net income of between 4 and 4 and
3/4 billion, but the Bloomberg estimate
for the full year was 5.3 billion. So
that'll tell you there's a yawning gap
between the estimate and what deer is
coming in with. And even deer isn't
sure. Obviously, you know, crop prices
have been down. The president's tariff
policies haven't been helping. And this
recent deal with China to export more
crops. Well, there's no knowing how much
that will actually help. So, you can see
all of that in deer's results. Let's
move now to the story from yesterday.
TPUs versus GPUs. It is continuing
today. Maybe not as frantic of an
investor reaction, but we are still
seeing Alphabet shares move higher
again, more higher if you like, 1.8% and
Nvidia suffering just a little bit more.
That's more than $700 billion now of
Nvidia's market cap just in the last
several sessions alone. Not just thanks
to this story. It was also AI bubble
talk and so on. But don't forget Nvidia
has given a forecast of revenue rising
63% this year. Not bad for any company.
And finally, we want to take a look at
HP because it's talking about job cuts
and even that is not cheering investors
this morning. Often job cuts do, right?
It says it's going to use AI tools and
things like customer service, product
development and so on and that will lead
to job cuts of about 4 to 6,000 over the
next 3 years. There will be
restructuring costs associated with
that, but basically the forecast also
disappointed and that stock suffering in
the pre-market. That stock by the way
this year is also lower. So it is down
14% this year.
>> Bonnie, thank you very much for that.
Your morning movers. Now on our radar
this morning, US presidential envoy
Steve Witoff heading to Moscow next
week, accompanying other American
officials. This comes after Witoff spoke
with Vladimir Putin's top foreign policy
aid in the latest push to end the war in
Ukraine. Elsewhere, UK Chancellor Rachel
Reeves preparing to announce the long-
aaited autumn budget today. Reeves will
be presenting a package of tax hikes and
other measures she says was designed
with bond market investors in mind. Back
here in the US, White House National
Economic Council Director Kevin Kevin
Hasset has emerged as the front runner
to be the next Federal Reserve chair.
Hasset says that he would accept the
role as a search for a new central bank
leader enters its final weeks. And Matt,
here's someone that would agree with you
that it's bad or at least Paul Tudtor
Jones said it's bad for independence.
Joe Kish of Ned Davis Research. As a
member of the Trump cabinet, Hasset
would be the worst choice for Fed
independents. I also find him to be a
subpar communicator, but Trump would
want to fill the role with a loyalist.
>> Wow. Yeah. I mean, I I don't think that
PTJ would go that negative, right? And I
don't think that uh at least in my
conversation with him, he wasn't saying
this lack of Fed independence was a huge
loss for the market. He was uh just
saying that Trump would likely pick
someone who gets rates down. And you
heard that last week. Was it last week
or was it Yeah, last week he said he
would fire Scott Bessant if he didn't
get rates down at the Fed. Now, he was
joking, right? But he's pretty serious
about this. And I think the market sees
that and realizes that he has uh so much
power not only with these installations,
but also could potentially suspend all
of the regional Fed governors and put
his own people in there as well. So it
could be a real Fed takeover.
>> By the way, Neil Neil Da makes the point
if you think it's hard to cobble
together consensus right now, it's going
to be three times as hard with Kevin
Hassid at the head. And what does that
mean for I mean it is a policy tool,
right? Like Fed communication saying
what they're going to do. It moves
markets. It moves bond markets. What
happens if they lose that tool and you
can't get any consensus because you have
a loyalist at the top of the Fed,
>> right? I mean, I feel like there are
already enough non-Trumpointed doves on
the Fed as well, right? You mentioned
Lisa Cook, for example, and uh when uh
she or others see the labor market
weakening, their knee-jerk reaction is
going to be to loosen rates, and they're
less concerned about inflation. Let's be
honest, uh no one really believes in a
2% target or reaching that target. Um,
clearly for the Fed, 50% above that is a
fairly comfortable place to be. So, I'm
not sure they're going to get super
hawkish.
>> Yeah. What is it? Four four years above
target now and we're haven't done
anything about it.
>> It's still cool. No one seems to care,
right? Everyone's like 3% is fine.
>> Yeah, we're okay. It's the labor market
we're concerned about. Let's turn to
tech
>> because unemployment is 4.4%.
>> Yes. Almost rounded up to 4.5. We'll
have you know. All right. Let's now turn
to tech. Competition heating up among AI
leaders. Nvidia saying that its chips
remain a generation ahead of the
industry. Vong reports that Google's AI
chips could pose a threat. Bloomberg's
Matt Bloxom joins us now for more. Matt,
where do we stand on this competition of
who will reign supreme? Is it really a
winner takes all
>> in the chip space? I don't think it is.
I mean, clearly Nvidia's almost taking
all of it right now. And I think
everybody expects over time to for
competition to emerge. And we've been
seeing that for a while, not just with
Google's TPUs, you rivalry from the
likes of AMD and Broadcom 2. So I think,
you know, if if the AI bubble doesn't
burst and continues to get bigger, then
there's plenty of space uh for Nvidia to
compete alongside the likes of Google
and others and for them all to kind of
do pretty well out of it. And I think
there is quite a big difference between
um how customers perceive an Nvidia chip
versus a Google chip. Uh the the Nvidia
chips have got a much kind of broader
range of applications whereas the the
Google chips are quite specific in terms
of the kind of use cases they're put
against and obviously it's only just
started to make those chips available to
external customers. um uh with one of
the big and with Anthropic, one of the
big large language model platforms being
you know the the kind of big win that
they announced last week.
>> Matt, can we also talk about Nvidia's
response? I kind of teased at it in the
intro to you, but posting yesterday,
we're delighted by Google's success.
They've made great advancements in AI
and we continue to supply Google and
then goes on to say basically we are
better than them. When in your career
have you ever seen a tech company
congratulate one of its rivals on its
successes?
>> Yeah, it's a good question. Um, I
probably could think of some, but off
the top of my head, I can't. And, you
know, I think it makes sense for Nvidia.
You know, they are um really want to be
the primary provider to everybody that's
involved in AI. And, you know, Google is
is a massive um customer as well as
competitor to them. you know it's
rivaling open AI and you know Nvidia
wants to have bets on all the players in
the game right now so I think it makes
sense for them to kind of m maintain uh
that kind of cordial uh and positive
relationship with Google and the same
way too because you know although uh
Google can increasingly shift technology
to its own chips you know there's still
an important need for them to have
Nvidia in the short term you know for
these kind of wider applications but
also from a supply perspective too. So,
you know, it it kind of makes complete
sense that, you know, things are very
friendly and cordial between the two of
them.
>> Matt, thank you very much. That's Matt
Bloxom of Bloomberg Intelligence. Dan
Ives of Webb Bush remaining bullish on
Nvidia writing NVIDIA is the
indisputable rack Rocky Balboa champion
of the AI revolution and that is not
changing anytime soon on the chip front.
Pleased to say that. Jan Dan joins us
now. Dan, great to see you.
>> Great to be here. Okay, I want to ask
about the post because you had that post
of them saying like, "Congrats Google,
but we're better." They also responded
to Michael Bur's takeown of the
depreciation thing. It kind of gives a
feeling that like Nvidia cares about the
fact that their share price is falling
and they're trying to fight back against
it. What What do you make of this sort
of PR push they're doing?
>> Yes, I I view it a little differently.
Look, I mean, at the end of the day,
like there's one Godfather Bay and
that's Jensen. I think Jensen right now
it it's the recognition that they're
transparent. In other words, like Nvidia
is not trying to hide anything. They're
ultimately saying like, "Hey, we are out
there front and center." And it just
comes down to demand and supply is 12
to1 for their chips. I mean, I saw that
being in Asia for the last 3 weeks. So,
them congratulating Google, AMD, and
others that are going to be successful.
It continues to be Nvidia's world and
everyone else is paying rent. But the
reality is is that they are not going to
sit there and hide behind some PR when
it comes to, you know, whether it's Bur
or anyone else calling it a bubble. I
mean, Jensen's going to be out there
front and center because in my opinion,
it continues to only be 10:30 p.m. in
that AI party that goes to 4 a.m. But,
you know, this makes me think a lot of
Intel back in the day when we were all
rushing out to get the 386 and then the
486 and maybe the Pentium, right? But
then Apple was like, why are we giving
them these margins? Let's make our own
chips. And so did everyone else. And now
Intel obviously needs a sort of
government bailout in the form of a
stake purchase. Why isn't Nvidia
vulnerable to the same kind of, you
know, vertical integration at these if
Meta, if Google, if Amazon all make
their own ships as they are doing?
>> It's a great point and it's a I I get
the comparison. They're four years ahead
in my opin of of really anyone else in
the world including Huawei, right? So it
comes down to like now will there be a
gap narrow? We big tech's going to
continue. They're going to go and make
their chip. You'll see that they'll
vertically have that echos and that's a
great thing because the reality right
now is like 12 to1 demand and supply. In
other words, Nvidia doesn't have enough
chips to ultimately meet demand, right?
Relative to what we see. But it speaks
to my point. It's about the second,
third, fourth derivatives of AI. Point
out, you have 3 to four trillion that's
going to be spent in the next few years.
To call this a bubble, it's wrong. It's
something like myself that covered tech
stocks in the late '9s. This is it's a
1996 moment, not a 1999 tech bubble
moment. That continues to be our view.
How does that 3 to four trillion of
spending get funded? Um, famously Sam
Alman was asked on stage a couple of
weeks ago how he's going to fund his
$1.4 trillion in capex plans with only
13 billion in revenue. And he just got
so angry that he declined to answer the
question, right? Um I see that you know
uh chat GPT has uh right now I think two
uh they they have um a $20 charge right
for uh um the account that I pay double
because I have a work and a and a and a
and a a personal account but um they're
not making massive amounts of revenue.
35 million people are signed on and it
could turn out to be like the Fster or
even maybe the MySpace of AI. Where does
this revenue come from?
>> Yeah. Well, see, look, today it's still
enterprise and like when we think about
the enterprise, only 3% of companies
have gone down the AI path. So, when you
look with and that's just in the US
globally, that's just actually starting
with sovereigns, what we're seeing in
Asia. So, when I look at open AI, I view
it as it's not just going to be at chat
GBT. It's about what that's going to be
on the enterprise consumer. The consumer
applications haven't even started
relative,
>> but it has to come quick, right? I mean,
remember when the.com bubble burst? It
took years and years to make up the
revenue that we needed to pay for the
fiber outlay in the beginning.
>> Yeah. And I think for OpenAI, for every
dollar that they're spending in terms of
the stakes that they're taking, they're
just like Nvidia, they'll get 12, 15,
$20 back in terms of revenue.
>> If we're though talking about who wins
the enterprise race, I mean, wouldn't
that be Google though? They already have
relationships with 40,000 companies. And
then when it comes to consumers, they
know that name so much better. I mean,
increasingly obviously they know about
OpenAI and Sam Alman and Chachi BT, but
especially with that enterprise
relationship. Who's to say that Open AI
wins out on that horse race?
>> Look, I think there's going to be many
winners, right? I mean, from Nvidia on
the chip side when you talking about
Microsoft where they stay on the hypers,
Oracle, and I think that stock's been,
you know, way oversold here. Look, the
reality is you go back earlier this
year, the the New York City cab driver
was bearish on Google. Now look at it
because it's my view. It's not just on
enterprise with with GCP with Google
Cloud with what's happened on chips
along with Broadcom, but also, you know,
you look out, they're going to
ultimately have that Apple deal. I mean,
Apple is going to have to bet on Gemini
as their AI partnership, which is
another benefit here. So I think it just
speaks to our view is that you know it's
not just about Nvidia and I believe
Nvidia ultimately is a stock that goes
much higher here 225 250 but it's about
the second third fourth derivatives
playing out across you know I think the
world and for the first time in 30 years
the US has headed China when it comes to
tech. So Nvidia at the lowest in the
month. Is this just like the most
incredible buying opportunity that we're
going to see for this company?
>> Every time this sells off, you own it
because it's my view. It's 5 trillion
and ultimately it's 6 trillion because
look what there's only one godfather and
that's Jensen and there's one chip in
the world fueling the AI revolution and
that continues to be Nvidia. There will
be other like anytime if there's a
deepseek moment you'll have googled TPU
you know there's gonna be other things
that happen but nothing is gonna get
what I view as really this Rocky Balboa
of the AI revolution which is you know
Jensen and video
>> you must have the most fun Thanksgiving
day conversation around the dinner
table. I'm trying to get invited over to
the Ives household. That sounds like a
good time.
>> Look and again the the goal is a lot of
food, a lot of sports and maybe some AI
talk here and there. Who's Penn State
playing this weekend?
>> And we play Ruckers and then we'll have
our new coach by early next, you know,
early next week and you and then we
start the uh we start the upward climb
which I'm very optimistic.
>> Things are looking good. Dan, thank you
so much for joining us. Dan Ies of Web
Bush. Let's get you an update on stories
elsewhere this morning with your
Bloomberg brief. Here's Vonnie Quinn.
Hey Vonnie.
>> Danny, thank you. UK Chancellor Rachel
Reeves getting ready to announce her
second budget. She's expected to present
a package of tax hikes as well as a
possible mansion tax and higher alcohol
and dividend taxes in an effort to close
a fiscal hole and tackle the country's
cost of living crisis.
Warner Brothers Discovery is asking
potential buyers to submit new sweetened
offers after getting an initial round of
bids. Sources telling us here at
Bloomberg the parent company of HBO and
CNN wants the new offers by December
1st. Paramount Sky Dance, Comcast and
Netflix are looking to buy some or all
of the company.
US Airlines are preparing for the
busiest Thanksgiving travel time period
on record. Airlines for America
predicting a record 31 million
passengers will travel from November
21st through December 1st. A cold snap
and forecasted thunderstorms are raising
the threat of delays. Fuel supply
constraints and tech outages could also
add disruptions. And that is your
Bloomberg brief. Donnie Arie, thank you
very much. Up next, making progress
towards a peace deal.
>> 25,000 soldiers, Ukraine, Russia, in the
last month, 25 thou th,000 soldiers have
died. So I I think we're getting very
close to a deal. We'll find out.
>> Nadia Martin Wigan of Felon Capital
joins us next as oil falls to a one-mon
low. You're watching Bloomberg
Surveillance.
counting down until Thanksgiving and we
are rallying on a likely lighter volume
market as we have been all this week.
Getting a lift yet again this morning
from Google. Dell's earnings yesterday
adds to the outperformance for the
NASDAQ. Meanwhile, your S&P 500 up about
a third of a percent in this future
session, while your Russell 2000 up just
over 1/10enth. Under surveillance this
morning, making progress towards a peace
deal.
>> I've also ended eight wars in 9 months
and we're working on that final war.
It's not easy, but I don't know. I think
we're we're going to get there. 25,000
soldiers, Ukraine, Russia, in the last
month, 25 thou th000 soldiers have died.
So, I I think we're getting very close
to a deal. We'll find out. I thought
that one would have been uh gone
quicker. We did eight. I thought that
would have been an easier one, but I
think we're making progress.
Here's the latest. US Envoy Steve
Wickoff is set to meet with Russian
President Vladimir Putin in Moscow next
week to push towards a peace deal with
Ukraine. Bloomberg's Greg Sullivan joins
us now from Dubai. Greg, how close are
we to any sort of deal?
Well, it's it's unclear. There is
definitely a flurry of diplomatic action
happening. Um, as you said, President
Trump has dispatched his uh US envoy
Steve Witkoff to Moscow. The Kremlin has
confirmed that he is expected next week
and will likely meet with President
Putin. But the Kremlin also pushed back
on the idea that the a deal was
imminent, saying it's too early to talk
about that right now. Uh, the Kremlin or
the Russian officials have confirmed
that they've seen the peace proposal,
but haven't had a chance to review it
quite yet. And even yesterday when there
was a report that Ukraine had signed on
to the peace proposal aside from a few
minor issues, we then saw Ukrainian
President Votimir Zalinski seemingly
rebutt that saying that conversations
were ongoing. Uh we know that there has
been some progress made. Uh President
Trump has signaled a note of optimism uh
getting closer to a deal and even
Ukraine has seemingly backed up that
that there has been some progress
towards that. But huge issues remain and
it's unclear how those will be breached
at this point. U issues like the land uh
territory issue as well as security
guarantees.
>> Greg, thank you very much. Bloomberg's
Greg Sullivan in Dubai. Turning to oil
now with crude crude prices edging lower
after hitting one-mon lows. Nadia Martin
Wigan has felon capital says the removal
of sanctions of top producers Rosene and
Luke Oil would be key to supporting the
market. writing, "A potential
reintegration of Russian oil into global
markets would have the biggest effect on
shipping markets." Nadia, I'm pleased to
say, joins us now. Nadia, it's already
an oversaturated market. So, what
happens if we do get those additional
barrels of oil?
>> Well, exactly, as you say, right now in
the last 3 months, if we look at
September, October, November, we've
built up 200 million barrels of crude on
the water, meaning it's loaded and it is
not delivered. A proportion of that is
sanctioned oil that is coming from Iran,
coming from Venezuela and most
importantly Russia. And those Roses
Lucille barrels are what have really
been pulling up markets uh in in in the
last month. You know, we we were heading
towards the 50s uh on on the price side
and then we suddenly had these sanctions
announced on Ros and Lucy and we had of
course pressure being put militarily on
the outskirts of Venezuela.
Now, if we start to pull back on those
sanctions because Trump feels he's
getting a deal or something like that
and he doesn't have to go as hard on
Russia, then that would really change
the marketplace. But so far, the market
is still waiting for real evidence. We
had a bit of a sellown, but now things
have calmed down. H how dangerous or how
um severe is the risk that we actually
do put harsher sanctions on Russia that
this doesn't go well and President Trump
reacts very negatively towards Vladimir
Putin in terms of you know the oil
industry.
>> Yeah. I mean Trump has specifically
sanctioned now Rosniff and Luke Oil
which have been a very big deal. We're
we're talking about 2.7 million barrels
per day of crude, um 900,000 barrels per
day of refined products. There are still
other producers out there. And of
course, he could sanction the whole of
Russia if he were to get fed up. Now, it
is safer for him to do that when we have
this looming over supply of oil that is
starting to be visible. Analysts have
been predicting this for half a year, if
not a year. But now we're actually
starting to see it on the water. So it
is a safer time of for him him him to do
that especially when China right now is
not able to import more Russian oil
sanctioned oil because of sh sanctions
specifically on their ports a as well
>> if we if we do get a peace deal Nadia
and um those barrels come off the water
and go into gas tanks whose production
gets displaced does US shale eat that
up? Does um uh does OPEC eat that up?
How how does that work out?
>> Well, it would it would be a mixture.
Um, initially, of course, we already
would expect to see some slowing down in
shale production, especially the smaller
independent producers, the Exxons and so
forth. They are more protected. OPEC so
far has been indicating they're going to
keep the market supplied. If they're
going to not increase oil production in
the first quarter, but we think that if
we do have this over supply coming then
definitely in the second quarter they
will be cutting. Russia of course is a
member of OPEC. They are underd
delivering in terms of uh in into the
market around 150,000 barrels per day
this quarter versus their target
production. Historically they they have
not abided by the rules particularly
well in in recent years during this war.
So the question is, is it really about
exports that are keeping Russian oil
away, which is what we think it is, or
is it a production problem? And that's
where, you know, it could be even Russia
needing to to ramp up on on that side
and not just shale and the rest of OPEC.
>> Hey Nadia, we're going to have to leave
it there. Thank you so much for joining
us this morning. That is Nadia Martin
Wigan, a spell in capital as oil prices
steady this morning after dropping to
their lowest price in a month currently
at $57.92
for WTI. Coming up next in the second
hour of Bloomberg surveillance, Debbie
Cunningham of Federated Hermes, Wendy
Schiller of Brown University, Gietti
Barwage of TD Securities, and
Bloomberg's Lizzie Burton from London on
the UK budget announcement. You're
watching Bloomberg Surveillance.
We're optimistic. I think we see the
economy running, particularly here in
the US, at a reasonable clip.
>> The data that we've been getting paints
a picture of a slight tension between
the two mandates of the Fed.
>> The Fed needs to do more. The Fed needs
to cut rates. The market's really
telling you that December we're not
likely to see a cut.
>> The key thing with cuts is even if they
do come, I don't think they change the
tone of the market meaningfully.
>> This is Bloomberg Surveillance with
Jonathan Pharaoh, Lisa Abramowitz, and
An Marie Hordern.
>> You are just 24 hours away from your
Thanksgiving Day turkey. Probably a
little bit more than that, but no rest
for the United Kingdom with 30 minutes
for them until the annual budget
statement. Meanwhile, back in the US,
the rally rolls on, clocking the biggest
3-day gain since May for the S&P 500.
That happening despite an Nvidia that's
trading at its lowest level in a month.
Matt, it keeps losing out to Alphabet.
It's happening yet again in the
pre-market. Alphabet up, Nvidia down.
>> Yeah, I think it's absolutely
fascinating. I have yet to spend
significant time with Gemini 3.
>> Um,
>> you're switching though, right?
>> I I was I mean, I am in the process of
switching. I've downloaded the app, but
I'm still so reliant on on Chat GBT
because, as I say, I subscribe to it in
two different uh ways and I use it as a
an hourly part of my life. It helps me
cook my meals. It helps me deal with my
healthc care issues. It helps me work on
my Harley. Like, it does a lot for me.
>> Now, I'm so worried about what happens
if it ever gets taken away from you
given that. But, you know what? I think
one of the more amusing turns of this
has been was the fact that Nvidia
responded to it. the fact that their
post on X basically said congratulations
on your huge success but we're bitter
but we're better and then they also
responded to
>> we're better and we're bitter
>> and they're bitter too freudy and slip
they also responded to Michael Bur it
like it honestly I said this to Dan I
believe it it feels like Jensen Hong
cares about the share price it feels
like a little bit petty if anything can
you imagine BlackBerry being like
congrats Apple on your great iPhone
>> no and I I was trying to think of
another instance in which one big modern
tech company has congratulated another
on its success. Um I can't really think
of one. If you have one, write in. Um
but I just think it's it's fascinating
that um we go from, you know, Hopper to
Blackwell to uh what's the next one
called? Reuben, right? It reminds me of
286 to 386 to 486 to Pentium. And now no
one knows what those things are. And you
can throw TPUs into that of Google
saying we have something much more
specific, something more energy
efficient and something that people will
want to use. The question is is will we
start to see that switchover
>> GPUs, tranium, MTIA, I mean a lot of
these companies are going to want to
vert vertically integrate and make their
own chips which may be more efficient
and use less energy, cheaper um and even
produce better chat bots.
>> I I think your point about Intel going
the same way was was a great one. And
who's to say that that doesn't happen
again?
>> Jensen Wang is the Andy Grove of AI.
>> I think he would hate that comparison.
And I think Dan Ives would say he's not.
He is the godfather. He is the Rocky
Balboa. Right. A check on your markets
this morning. As I said, Nvidia is down.
And maybe it's a good thing that we have
been able to post gains without the help
of Nvidia. By the way, because of that
decline, Apple is getting closer yet
again to taking over as the biggest
company. S&P 500 futures on the lows of
the morning up just a tenth of 1%. Your
US 10ear yield still around 4% after
that poor consumer confidence data
yesterday. NMAX crude that trades at the
lowest in a month at 5789.
Coming up, Debbie Cunningham of Hermes
as a frontr runner emerges to be the
next Fed chair. Wendy Schiller of Brown
University as President Trump pushes
China to buy more US farm products. And
Jayati Baradwage of TD Securities as UK
Chancellor Reeves lays out her autumn
budget. We begin this hour with stocks
rising on rate cut bets and the news of
a potential frontr runner to replace Fed
chair Powell.
>> If the president asks me to be Fed
chair, then I'll of course I'll do it.
Uh but if I'm not Fed chair, don't be
disappointed for me because I love the
job that I have right now. If he were to
ask me to be Fed chair, then of course I
I would I would have to say yes because
I want to serve my country and I want to
serve my president. Uh but you know,
we'll see how it goes. There are a lot
of great candidates. Here's the latest.
White House National Economic Council
Director Kevin Hasset is emerging as the
favorite to be the next Fed Reserve
chair. Debbie Cunningham of Hermes joins
us for more now. Debbie, what difference
would it make to have a Kevin Hasset a
top of the Fed versus the other
candidates like Rick Reer, like Waller,
like again Michelle Bowman? How much of
a difference would it make to have
Hasset instead?
Well, I think with HT Hasset, you get
the um you know, the economic aspects of
it that obviously are very key to any
kind of Fed guidance and Fed decision
making. Whereas with somebody like a
Rick Reer, you've got a little bit more
of a hands-on market experience. Um, you
know, and and get a better better idea
of what both the fixed income and the
equity markets will do uh pending
certain decisions of the the Federal
Federal Open Market Committee. So, I
think it's two different types of
qualifications, but I think the
qualifications are equally good and
we've had both types of Fed chair
um equally successful from a historic
perspective. So, um, if this if if Kevin
Hass has the choice and is trusted by
the president and allows the Federal
Reserve to go on in a less hassled way
than what has been the case so far in
this presidency, I think it's a good
thing.
>> So, Debbie, you're almost arguing that
it would give the Fed, the FOMC shelter,
but what does it mean for communication
of the Fed? Previously, the markets
cared the most when they heard from Jer
Powell. Just over the past month, since
the last Fed decision, it's been what
does his top lieutenant William say?
It's what does Mary Daly say? Because
she often sides with Powell. It's become
a lot of reading tea leaves to decide
the direction of this bond market. Do
you expect that to continue to be the
trade from here on out?
>> Well, I do think Fed speak is in
inherently important and and certainly
the Fed speak that comes from the chair
is most important of all. um as well as
the voting members as well as you know
the the the president of the New York
Fed Williams. So I I think there's a
huge place for that type offormational
content in addition to the economic
information that we receive on a you
know now regular basis since the
government shutdown is is completed. I
do think though, you know, based on some
of the comments that, um, Treasury
Secretary Bessant has made just in
recent days, um, that there may be some
attempt to make this Fed a little bit
simpler. Um, which I'm not in 100%
agreement with. I mean, I like the
clarity of the Fed. I like the
information that they provide to us. I
like the the the daily commentary, you
know, outside of, you know, the silent
times ahead of meeting votes. Um so I
think it's important and the market has
become accustomed to it. I also think
the various measures IB the Fed funds um
you know the the the bottom of the range
the the Fed funds target range being the
RRP rate the um you know the the the uh
securities lending rate being the top.
All of those things are important
aspects of Fed policy and I think help
transmit the Fed's intentions from a
market perspective. And I think if
there's any thought process of removing
those, that is something that the market
will definitely b at.
>> Kevin Hass doesn't necessarily have to
agree with uh Scott Bessant, but he does
seem to have to agree with President
Trump. Are you not worried that he would
contort his own economic views to fit
the narrative of the president that
independence would be diminished under a
hasset fed? Well, certainly there is a
concern about that, but I think what
we've learned during this presidency's
uh or this term from a presidency
standpoint versus President Trump's
first term is that he is nominating
viable candidates. Um if you go back to
his first term, several of his
candidates that were nominated were not
accepted. And that's because they really
didn't have the pedigree. They didn't
have the market experience. They didn't
have the background that was necessary.
and they were looked at very much more
as tools of the president. I think any
of the five supposed final candidates um
that are involved in this search for a
chair all have credible statistics,
credible backgrounds,
credibleformational content that will
help them guide the Fed in an
independent way and maybe bias towards
what the president is looking to achieve
just simply because of their party
lines, but without um taking the
independence of the Fed in anything
other than a very serious manner.
>> Debbie, what what do you expect in terms
of the terminal rate? I look at the warp
function on the Bloomberg terminal and I
see that the market's pricing in just
below 3%. Is that not a little bit too
dovish for um the current level of
inflation and unemployment?
>> I do think it is. I think we're looking
at a terminal rate that's more like
three and a quarter maybe. Um you know,
somewhere in the 3 to three and a half%.
certainly not south of 3% uh is is what
we're expecting at this point and that
really hasn't changed. Maybe the speed
at which we get there is a little bit
faster today than it would have been say
6 or 12 months ago. Um but we're still
looking at a terminal rate that is north
of 3%.
>> But you do have what presumably is
Governor Myron's vote on the dot plop
for 2027 below 2 and a half% Debbie. And
then you add in Kevin Hasset, presumably
his dots will look like that too. If it
does have the impact of shifting
everything lower, are steepeners back
on. What's the trade?
>> I mean, it could be. Um certainly, you
know, you can get a steepener in in
various ways. You can get a steepener by
the the front end going lower. You can
get a steepener by the back end getting
higher. So, I do believe you know that
is a possible trade uh for the future,
but I don't think that's what we have
today. So you don't have that today. How
do you handle this? Because it's a bond
market that continued to rally
yesterday. First in the weak consumer
confidence data and then with the
appointment or at least the reported
preference for Kevin Hasset. Debbie,
>> I think at this point what we're looking
at is a bond market that has earnings
that are north of 4% in most instances.
you know, the short end is is getting
close to 3%, but you're talking about
four to 5% from an investment grade bond
market return standpoint, just clipping
the coupon. And although there is
volatility, there's price action, 30 40
basis points on a clip at different
points in time depending upon data
that's released or news items that come
forth. But if you look at sort of the
steady earnings rates that we've been
seeing from companies, if you look at
yes, we saw a little bit of a dip from a
retail perspective um you know in the
September data, but I think to some
degree that's a reflection of the
government shutdown and people were a
little bit nervous about what that meant
going forward. We certainly saw a strong
back to school season. We think we'll
see a strong Christmas um and holiday
season and the consumer remains the you
know the the the bus driver in this this
case. So, um, we're looking at a bond
market that we think is is looking at a,
you know, clip the coupon, experience a
little bit of volatility, and, um, you
know, not bets not very far away from
neutral are probably the the the the
correct um, you know, the the the
correct process at this point.
>> Hey Debbie, thank you so much for
joining us this morning. Enjoy the
holiday. Debbie Cunningham of Hermes.
Let's get you an update on stories
elsewhere this morning with your
Bloomberg brief. Here's Vonnie Quinn.
Hey Vonnie.
>> Hey Danny. Thank you. European Central
Bank Vice President Luis Dugundos
arguing that the risk that inflation in
Europe will undersshoot is limited.
>> Inflation inflation devolution is
positive you know both for both headline
and core inflation services inflation is
uh that it was you know one of the main
precupations that we had in the in the
near past uh is also evolving positively
and you know wage dynamics are also
evolving positively. Dindo is also
saying the current interest rate level
is the right one. President Trump has
shut down a report that he was
considering removing FBI Director Cash
Patel, telling reporters Patel is doing
a great job. Trump's praise comes as
Patel faces scrutiny over social media
posts during high-profile investigations
and his use of a government jet to visit
his girlfriend.
Deer shares falling in the pre-market
after the farm machinery makers net
income forecast missed estimates.
Uncertainty remaining over the timing
for a recovery in the industry as
farmers face low crop prices and the
impact of President Trump's tariffs. The
company's CEO said he believes 2026 will
be the bottom of the large a cycle. And
that is your Bloomberg brief. Danny
>> Bonnie, thank you so much. Crossing the
terminal, details of the UK's autumn
budget coming sooner than expected. UK
Prime Minister Kier Starmer currently
facing questions in Parliament ahead of
that autumn budget. You're watching
Bloomberg Surveillance.
>> Speaker, after eight years of traffic
chaos and increasingly creative traffic
diversions, residents of Parkside and
Martin and Graange in my constituency
are beginning to wonder whether the A513
at Beacon Side is a permanent monument
to the traffic cone. In the time that
Staffordshire County Council and Taylor
Wimpy have taken to complete one stretch
of road, we've had six prime ministers,
not to mention NRAAM burned down and was
rebuilt using medieval building
techniques. So what can be done to hold
developers and local authorities
properly to account so that essential
infrastructure is delivered on time with
minimum disruption?
>> Well, it's staggering that an important
upgrade for drivers to improve their
journeys has been delayed for eight long
years and I understand the scheme is
currently being held up by the reformled
council Kel Sabri who are proving as
hopeless in local government as
everybody anticipated. Mr. Speaker,
we've invested 24 billion pounds in our
roads and I call on Staferture Council
to end the delay, get on with the job
and get this scheme started for her
constituents.
>> Alison Bennett.
The rally running out of steam, but
still on track for a fourth consecutive
day of gains. S&P 500 futures up a tenth
of 1%. Something though different is
happening in the UK with a new budget,
the autumn budget. Those headlines
coming sooner than expected. At first,
it was good news. It was a guilt market
rally. It was a sterling rally. Look at
what's happening now. 10-year yields in
the UK up three basis points. 30-year
yields up five basis points. Sure, they
have more fiscal headroom or they're
trying to put more than they had
expected, Matt, but they have lowered
their forecast for GDP reversing some of
the good news for this market.
>> Yeah, they really need uh yields not to
do this, right? um or or Rachel Reeves
at least in order to stay in her job
needs a lid to stay on yields because
their financing costs their interest
costs are already over a hundred billion
pounds a year which may seem trivial in
comparison to our trillion dollars a
year in interest costs but for the UK
that's a lot of money uh and it has
forced out prime ministers in the past
>> we'll see whether she can turn it around
the chancellor the ex-checker in about
10 minutes time but first under
surveillance this morning China
surprises to the upside died.
>> I spoke to President Xi about a lot of
things, but uh trade and buying our farm
products and he said he agreed with me.
He's going to I think he's going to very
much surprise you on the upside. I think
he's going to I asked him, I'd like you
to buy it a little faster. I'd like you
to buy more. And he's more or less
agreed to do that. I think we will be
pleasantly surprised by the actions of
President Xi.
>> Here's the latest. President Trump
touting his phone call with Chinese
President Xi saying be Beijing agreed to
speed up purchases of US goods. Joining
us now is Bloomberg's Mika Soulner. And
Mika, maybe this is underscored by John
Deere having very poor earnings on the
back of farmers struggling because of
tariffs. Where do we stand between talks
with presidents Trump and she?
>> Yeah. Well, right now it looks like it's
the start of a potential trade reset
when it comes to US and China and how
that is working right now. We saw that
the president is extremely optimistic to
try and get uh China to buy more
agricultural goods and speed up that
process potentially before Christmas. Um
he's been under pressure by the US
agricultural community. And so we're
going to see this. This comes after a
very positive phone call on Monday
according to the president. There's a
lot for the two to cover, ma, and among
them as well are the negotiations
currently unfolding in Ukraine. Do we
get any hint from the president of
China's willingness to push Russia to
agree to something?
Yeah, this is something that the White
House has been really tight- lipped
about. I know that the this topic of the
Russia Ukraine war was brought up in the
phone call between President Trump and
President Xi on Monday, but they said
that the primary primary focus was trade
and trade negotiations. So, you know, I
think to that extent we don't know what
role China might play, but this is also
a huge priority of course for the
administration to try and strike a peace
deal as soon as possible. Ma, thank you
very much. That's Bloomberg's Mika
Soulner. Joining us now is Wendy
Schiller, directman of the Toddman
Institute for American Politics and
Policy at Brown University. Wendy, these
negotiations as they're happening in the
background, we're getting deer earnings
that look really poor because of farmers
suffering. consumer confidence that
plunging elections that affordability
was at the forefront. How is this
coloring the administration's approach
as it talks to President Xi as it
negotiates with Europe in trade deals?
>> Um, hello Donnie. I think that the
president's got to balance his
international clout in delivering for
the domestic US political market
economically and politically. Uh, and
he's getting so much pressure on all
fronts. uh and it's now reflected in his
poll numbers on the economy. Republicans
typically have an advantage managing the
economy. They still have an advantage
over the Democrats on managing the
economy, but the poll numbers for
President Trump's managing of the
economy have flipped. They were more
confident. Now he's underwater. Uh in
particular, there's also some dynamics
of the midterms in 26. Iowa, for
example, big farm state, relies on
exports. They have a Senate race. Uh,
and that Senate race looked, you know,
maybe Iowa's gone red, but now it looks
like Iowa, the winds are changing a
little bit there. They got a strong
contender on the Democratic side, and
we'll see who emerges on the Republican
side. And that's something that's
concerning the Senate. John Thun in
particular has really been in the
president's ear on agriculture exports,
and China and understanding that this
doesn't just affect President Trump now.
It could affect the the standing of the
Republicans in the Senate in 26.
>> Yeah, for sure. I mean, we see that
farmers don't have enough money to order
more John Deere equipment. They lowered
their profit forecasts for next year.
Um, we have seen already automakers that
have had to put production on hold
because they're not getting enough rare
earths. And then, um, President Trump
has this call with Shei in which the
Chinese call out Taiwan as a major
sticking point. It's not even in the US
president's readout. um making it look
like we're downplaying the Tai the
important Taiwan issue in order to
appease the Chinese. Are we losing this
trade war?
Well, Matt, I mean, um, at the moment,
the American people, as evidenced by a
number of different polls across
different polling companies, um, that
sort of tilt one way or the other, uh,
politically, that, uh, the American
public thinks we are, that the tariffs
are now being blamed for affordability,
high prices, layoffs, and this is
something I think the Trump
administration did not anticipate when
he forged the sort of mantra that he was
going to stick up for America, get a
better deal, will negotiate a better
deal and bring manufacturing home.
>> But every economist with a pulse warned
the president about this.
>> Well, Donald Trump marches to his own
tune, his own drummer, and and he will
emerge claiming credit for deals. China
did agree to buy more soybeans about a
month ago after John Thoon pleaded with
the president on this, but it still
looks like we're going to have to pay
out subsidies to the farmers from the US
Treasury to make up for these losses.
Um, and the president pivots, as we
know, all the time. The question is how
will the Republicans in Congress treat
this going into the midterms in 26
because American public is starting to
blame the Republican party and that's
bad for them. So how effective are they
in persuading Donald Trump to maybe
renegotiate deals, but right now it
looks like China's still um driving the
bus on this and affecting because of our
geopolitics in the United States, how we
elect people, which states are
important. you know, they understand
that in China, they understand which
markets are where uh and how that
affects our politics and 26 looms really
large. I
>> is uh is the president too focused on
international relations when, you know,
we need someone to deal with the problem
of skyrocketing health costs here.
Apparently, they're going to lay out
another 2-year extension to um these
really inefficient ACA subsidies, which
the Republicans really wanted to avoid,
but now it looks like we're just going
to keep, you know, paying these bills.
>> Um well, Matt, I mean, uh every
president does this. You know, when
things are going a little bit south
domestically, every president turns the
page towards foreign relations. It's not
a partisan thing. It's not a Trump
thing. Uh but this is what I'm watching.
I want you. Will the Republicans,
particularly in the House, come with the
president. He clearly wants to sign an
extension of these tax subsidies. He
doesn't want to have millions of people
who can't afford health insurance on his
watch next year. That's what he wants to
avoid. But the House is making noises
that they don't want to do it, that they
are uncomfortable doing it. Um, does he
still have the same sway with the House
GOP that he has appeared to have all
year long? That's what I'm watching over
the next couple weeks and into January.
>> Hey Wendy, thank you so much for joining
us this morning. Wendy Schiller of Brown
University. Matt, at least this is a
dynamic that the US doesn't have to deal
with. The OBR in the UK, the Office of
Budget Responsibility, issuing an
apology for releasing their fiscal
report early. They were supposed to wait
until we got the autumn budget from the
Chancellor of the UK. And their autumn
budget had a greater borrowing forecast
and that sent sterling and it sent UK
bonds lower this morning.
>> Yeah. And that's um really what Rachel
Reeves needs to turn around when she
gives this speech. Everyone's looking to
see um how she's going to deliver some
of the details that we're already
seeing, right? She's going to raise
taxes by almost 30 billion pounds um by
the 30 2030 to 2031 budget. She's
freezing thresholds. She's charging a
mansion tax. She's raising the minimum
wage. So, um, she's trying to strike a
balance between getting enough revenue
and still, uh, helping society as much
as she can. Remember, this is labor.
>> Will she be able to strike that balance?
Coming up, we're going to take you to to
London where UK Chancellor Rachel Reeves
is expected to present the autumn budget
soon as the UK budget watchdog
apologizes for that early release.
Will it be a fourth trading day of
gains? We're moving higher in the
futures session though on the lows of
what we've seen up about a tenth of 1%
for the S&P. NASDAQ outperforms as
Russell 2000 futures turn negative. A
very different story of volatility in
the US. Look at what's happened with
10-year gill yields just over the past
30 minutes. At first, you saw a rally
after an early release of an OBR of the
UK budget watchdog on what we might get
from this autumn statement. And that
confusion giving way to losses. 10-year
guilt yields up by two basis points,
30-year guilt yields up by four basis
point with an expectation, Matt, that
this is a BOE that will not be able to
cut given that they revised up what they
see see as inflation. This is a problem
for the chancellor of the ex-checker
given she needs those funding costs to
go down.
>> Yeah, absolutely. I mean, look, we were
already at 451. So, if it holds here, or
if this turns around after her speech,
if Rachel Reeves can convince the
country that she's able to maintain a
balance between raising revenue, closing
a a shortfall, and still supporting um
her constituency, uh then I think uh
it'll be okay. It's not going to be
likely right now a Liz Trust moment. You
don't see yields jumping up to 5%. Well,
it's a completely different environment,
right? You don't have double-digit
inflation. You don't have the dynamics
of politics that were quickly changing.
You do have a labor government now. So,
can she appease the labor government and
appease bond markets? We'll find that
out in just a moment's time when we hear
from the chancellor of the excheer.
First though, we are two hours away from
your cash open. Let's look at your
morning movers. With that is Vonnie
Quinn. Hey Vonnie.
>> Hey Donnie. Well, we know the AI trade
is skittish these days, right? Nvidia
down 14% since the beginning of the
month. And we saw another instance of
that yesterday when we had one report
that one company was in talks with one
other company to buy billions of dollars
worth of chips. That sent Nvidia down
and that trade continues today. It seems
like anything that might be a red flag
for the AI trade is really having a big
impact. You can see the opposite effect
then on Google's parent company Alphabet
up another 9/10en of 1%. So that 8/10
adds to yesterday's 2.6% 6% drop for
Nvidia and AMD also having that halo
effect. Bear in mind the companies are
having at it. Nvidia as you pointed out
Danny tweeting out that you know let's
bring it on. A lot of analysts are
saying look this is bound to happen.
There's bound to be some competition for
Nvidia at some point and we always knew
this was coming but we'll have to see
how the TPUs and the GPUs stack up
against one another. Dell Technologies
meanwhile up three and a quarter% just
off its pre-market highs at the moment.
Now, Dell did raise its annual
projections for the key AI server
market. So, here's some good news about
the AI server market, right? But the one
point to remember for Dell is that its
margins are getting compressed because
it has to win this business and it has
to get out those machines faster. There
is demand for them, but its margins are
under a little bit of pressure. That
said, shares are up 9% year to date, up
another 3 plus% here in the pre-market.
And then I want to point to deer because
this is a whole other sector entirely
down 4.8%.
It didn't meet its forecast. It's not
going to meet its forecast for the full
year. In fact, it's not going to meet it
by a long shot. And the CEO said, "Look,
we might see the trough in big a next
year at the earliest. Certainly not this
year as some people were hoping for
tariffs definitely taking a bit of a
toll and of course the spat with China
which may be resolving just a little
bit. One bright spot though in the deer
earnings and that's small a beat
estimates. So sales there were up 10%.
Smaller purchases of equipment and also
turf. Rob and Donnie.
>> All right, good to know. Vonnie, thank
you very much. Those shares almost down
5% in the pre-market trade. On our radar
this morning, National Economic Council
Director Kevin Hasset has emerged as the
frontr runner to be the next Fed Reserve
chair. Sources telling us here at
Bloomberg that Hasset is seen as the
most aligned with President Trump's
approach to cutting. And Matt, say what
you will about Fed independence. One of
the takeaways is this was a bond market
and an equity market that rallied off
the back of this announcement. So if
this was a trial balloon that was shot
up, he's passed so far.
>> Yeah. No, absolutely. I think the market
wants lower rates. I mean, you can see
that, for example, on Friday last week
when we were mired in this AI doubt. You
had Williams say that he's in favor of a
cut and he's very aligned um with Jerome
Powell and as a result, the market
rallied into the close on that day even
after turning around every day previous
for the week. So, um, this market really
wants cuts in December, it really wants
cuts next week, and it's pricing in less
than 3%
>> for for all that we're losing our minds
over AI. This has been the thing that's
moving markets, right? Having a Fed that
seemed more hawkish is what sent us
lower and then we worried about AI and
then a Fed that seemingly was willing to
cut rallied and then we're like, cool,
Google is doing well. That's just been
the added beneficiary. But you're so
right. We're laser focused just on this
one point.
>> Yeah, absolutely. I mean, it still is
important. And obviously if Nvidia moves
a few percent in one direction or the
other because it's almost a $5 trillion
company, but it's worth far less than $5
trillion now. And Google is uh did we
surpass uh the $4 trillion mark on
Google yesterday?
>> That I am actually not sure. But one of
the things I was looking at is Apple is
super close to overtaking Nvidia because
Apple has done well. The iPhone 17 sales
have been good too. So it's getting a
lot closer to overtaking that. Uh, as
far as Alphabet, we'll have to look back
and see what
>> Alphabet is trading at 3.9
trillion dollars. So, it did not surpass
four trillion. Apple is worth more
than$4 trillion. And one of the
questions I was asking Caroline Hyde
yesterday, and she'll be on with us uh
on Open Interest, I'm sure, on Bloomberg
Tech later on. Is Apple also working on
chips that could emerge as these tensor
processing units no one had ever heard
of yesterday? Maybe Apple has something
similar up its sleeve. Although, you
know, Siri might be a little bit smarter
if they were doing well on that.
>> Yeah. But Apple has kind of decided that
maybe it makes more sense for them not
to spend all that money on AI and
instead adopt others elsewhere. Speaking
of AI, HP has announced plans to cut up
to 6,000 jobs through 2028 by using more
AI tools. HP expecting a gross savings
of $1 billion a year from the cuts.
Okay, two thoughts on this. One, 2028 is
a long time away. Who knows what even
the world will look like by then? And
two, it all just feels like an excuse.
Yes.
>> All these companies saying we're cutting
jobs because of AI. That sounds a lot
better than like, hey, things aren't
great. So, we're going to cut jobs and
announce it right before you off to
Thanksgiving.
>> You know, absolutely. I mean, here's
what it seems like is happening. There
are new tariffs on imports that are
eating into margins at companies like
HP, and they need to figure out a way to
deal with that without passing all of
the tariffs through to consumers. So, it
falls on labor. And now they have a
fantastic excuse to cut those jobs. It's
because AI productivity. You know,
>> elsewhere. Matt, I know this one is on
your radar. Automakers in imitating
Tesla's electric door handle design are
creating a safety hazard for some
drivers. The National Highway Traffic
Safety Administration seeing an increase
in complaints across all models with
several alleging pets and kids got
trapped inside after a loss of power. I
mean, is everyone just going to be
issuing out recalls now, Matt? Um, well,
I don't know if they'll be issuing
recalls. It depends on what Nitsa orders
them to do, but I've had my own trials
and tribulations with this. I was stuck
inside a C8 Corvette -ay a couple of
months ago before I realized that they
had a latch on the floor that helped me
override the electric door handle that
wasn't working. There are a lot of cars
that have, in fact, Corvette was the
first one, um, electric door handles
rather than a mechanical latch. So that
could be something that automakers turn
around just like they're going to turn
around and add buttons back to cars
rather than have everything work through
your infant.
>> You and Hannah doing great work on this
on hot pursuits. So a plug for everyone
to go listen to it. All right, Matt.
Elsewhere, we are now hearing from the
UK Chancellor Rachel Reeves. She is
announcing her long awaited update to
the UK budget. Let's listen in.
>> Debt and borrowing.
No doubt we will face opposition again,
>> but I have yet to see a credible or a
fairer alternative plan for working
people.
>> These are my choices, the right choices
for a fairer, a stronger and more secure
Britain.
>> Order. Far too much noise. And I
expected so much better from you, Dr.
Luke Evans. You're meant to be a leader
IN YOUR COMMUNITY. SIMMER. Simmer down.
Chancellor,
>> I'm happy for them to shout AS MUCH MUCH
AS they like, Madame Deputy Speaker, as
long as they do it from the OPPOSITION
BENCHES WHERE THEY CAN'T CAUSE any more
damage.
I said THERE WOULD BE NO return to
austerity, and I meant it.
This budget will maintain investment in
our economy and in our national health
service. I said I would cut the cost of
living and I meant it. This budget will
bring down inflation and provide
immediate relief for families.
I said I would cut debt and borrowing
and I meant it. Because of this budget,
borrowing will fall as a share of GDP in
every year of this forecast.
Our net financial debt will be lower at
the end of the forecast than it is
today.
And I will more than double the headroom
against our stability rule to 21.7
billion pounds. Meeting our stability
rule and meeting it a year early.
>> These are my choices. Not austerity,
not borrowing, not turning a blind eye
to unfairness. My choices are a budget
for fair taxes, strong public services,
and a stable economy. That is the Labor
choice.
Growth is the engine that carries every
one of our ambitions forward through
stability, investment, and reform. The
platform from which British ambition can
finally get moving again.
Because growth doesn't just appear out
of thin air.
It is built patiently and stubbornly by
people who take risks,
>> by founders who bet their savings on an
idea,
>> by firms breaking into new markets,
developing new technologies and creating
new jobs and new opportunities.
By the men and the women who work hard
every day in all parts of our country.
Our job is not to watch from the
sidelines, but to partner with them,
backing them every step of the way to
match private enterprise with public
ambition.
>> I would like to thank my team of
officials at the Treasury for their hard
work in preparing this budget.
In the spring, the Office of Budget
Responsibility forecast that our economy
would grow by 1% this year. I said then
that Britain would defy the forecasts
and defy them we have.
>> The OBR have upgraded Britain's growth
for this year from 1% to 1 and a2%.
Reaching the same conclusions as the
IMF, the OECD and the Bank of England
who have already upgraded their
forecasts.
Today the OBR have published the result
of their review of the supply side of
the economy. They are clear that this is
not about the last 14 months. It is
about the previous 14 years,
the legacy of Brexit and the pandemic
and the damaging decisions by the party
opposite.
cutting public spending, leaving
communities and entire regions behind,
starving our economy of investment, and
weakening our public services.
>> As a result of their review, the OBR are
reducing their expectation expectations
for productivity growth by 0.3
percentage points to 1% by the end of
the forecast.
They say today, and I quote, "Real GDP
is forecast to grow by 1 and a half% on
average over the forecast due to lower
underlying productivity growth.
There is an impact on our public
finances, too. The OBR say that their
productivity forecast will mean 16
billion pounds less in tax receipts by
2030.
These forecasts are the Tories legacy,
not Britain's destiny.
>> Order. It is very hard to hear the
chancellor over all the shouting. And
Mr. Mr. Holmes, you promised me
yesterday you were going to be on top
behavior in the first few minutes.
Chancellor,
>> we beat the forecasts this year and we
will beat them again
>> by boosting trade, not blocking it. By
increasing investment, not cutting it.
By championing innovation, not stifling
it.
>> By backing working people, not making
them poorer.
Brick by brick, we've been building our
economy, building roads, building homes,
getting spades in the ground and cranes
in the sky.
>> Growth begins with a spark of an
entrepreneur. Half of new jobs in
Britain are created by scaleup
businesses. And we want those jobs
created here, not somewhere else. Our
job is to make Britain the best place in
the world to start up, to scale up, and
to stay.
>> So, we're widening eligibility for our
enterprise incentives.
>> So, scaleups can attract the talent and
the capital that they need. Expanding
the enterprise management incentive so
more companies can offer tax relief
share options. re-engineering our
enterprise investment and venture
capital trust schemes so they don't just
back early stage ideas but stay with
companies as they grow.
>> Introducing UK listings relief, a
three-year exemption from stamp duty
reserve tax for companies who choose to
list here in Britain.
And to continue this work, I am
launching a call for evidence on how our
tax system can better back entrepreneurs
and a targeted review with founders and
investors at the heart to make the UK an
even more attractive place to grow your
business.
>> We are sending a simple message to the
world. If you build here, Britain will
back you
and our retail investment system should
do the same. The UK has some of the
lowest levels of retail investment in
the G7.
>> And that is not only bad for business
who need that investment to grow.
>> It's bad for savers, too. Someone who
has invested £1,000 a year in an average
stocks and shares ISA every year since
1999 would be £50,000 better off today
if they'd put that same money into a
than if they put them same money into a
cash iser. And so from April 2027,
I will reform our ISIS system, keeping
the full 20,000 allowance while
designating 8,000 of it exclusively for
investment with over 65s retaining the
full cash allowance. And thanks to our
changes to financial advice and
guidance, banks will be able to guide
savers to better choices for their
hard-earned money. over 50% of the ISA
market including Hargreaves Landsdown,
HSBC, Lloyds, Vanguard, and Barkclays.
UK Chancellor Rachel Reeves delivering
the nation's budget, pushing back
against OBR forecast, which trimmed
productivity and increased inflation.
That means guilt yields still moving
higher this morning. We'll continue
bringing you the headlines and market
reaction throughout the morning. Coming
up, Giati Barage of TD Securities joins
us to react to it. You're watching
Bloomberg Surveillance.
Under surveillance this morning,
defending the UK budget. Here's the
latest. Sterling losing steam as UK
Chancellor Rachel Reeves defends her
autumn budget package. Jayati Baradwage
of TD securities joins us now as guilt
yields move back to little change. We
we'll get into the budget itself Giati
but can we just start with the way that
this unfolded the fact you had an early
release by the office of budget
responsibility the f the fact they had
to apologize about it that market sold
off because of it and it put Rachel Ree
in a position just to get on the defense
immediately.
>> Yeah. Uh it's a very unfortunate era to
start something so big with you know
there's been a lot of focus on this for
the past month. You know guilds have
been underperforming so have you know
pound has pound shorts have been going
through for the last few weeks. So there
was a lot lot of focus on this.
Unfortunately for her you know it was
released 30 minutes earlier which
spooked markets that maybe something's
wrong. Maybe someone's trying to leak it
and you know guilt sold off pound sold
off. Thankfully things don't seem as
dire as markets had feared. One of the
things uh I took from last year's autumn
budget looking back this morning in
preparation for this allimportant moment
uh is that it takes a few days for the
market sometimes to digest these things
right I mean guilt yields last time
stayed initially low and then floated
higher and higher uh until um we were at
the highest level since the great
financial crisis 3 days later right now
I'm looking at 448 449 on guilts so it's
not a concern but could it get worse
uh from what the initial headlines have
come out hopefully it's not going to be
one of those concerning cases because it
does seem that they will have more
fiscal headroom than expected. They are
obviously going to be borrowing but
borrowing less than what markets were
expecting which is ultimately good for
the guilts market. So the the an
unfortunate problem for UK has been that
it's a very tight problem to solve.
There's like 10 different complex moving
parts. Everything hinges on what the OB
will forecast. Where can the tax
increases come and their fiscal headroom
has been extremely tight but this is one
of the better outcomes that could have
been expected and hope the hope is that
now markets can go back to macro
fundamentals go back to the BOE. Will
the BOE be able to cut in December or
not and go back to macro? I I think
that's the hope from this that this was
not as bad as expected. So let's move
on. It's not boring when you have
everybody, you know, screaming at each
other, this amazing theater, the head
mistress of Hogwarts, telling people to
quiet down. Um, but I wonder if, uh,
Britain isn't still experiencing pain
from the historic mistake that Brexit
looks like in the rearview mirror,
right? I mean, why is the guilt market
so reliant on external investors when
you don't have the same thing for French
debt or Italian debt or German debt?
the the the thing is that the UK is one
single economy. The Euro area as a whole
on the contrary shielded because it's
it's a block of many nations. Even for
the majority of this year like you check
like even though Germany was weaker, the
peripheral economies actually shielded
the Eura block as a whole. So that helps
the EU region given it's a block of many
nations. The UK when it chose Brexit
over you know staying a part of the EU
you know did put itself out there as a
single market which is dominated by its
own fiscal concerns at a time when it's
now starting to lag behind other
countries on the productivity gap. It's
not been able to provide any strong
growth impetus that you can close the
productivity gap with the rest of the
world which has become a pain point for
the UK unfortunately and worsened since
Brexit because a lot of your access to
capital markets was also hindered after
that. But to be fair, the issue of
limited fiscal headroom isn't just a UK
problem. It's also a French problem.
It's a Japanese problem. So to what
degree do we look at today is kind of a
test case and government's ability to
try to rein that in and to try to calm
bond markets and still have foreigners
willing to buy it? It's definitely a
very interesting landscape. We've all
talked about fiscal for so long, but
this was the first year when, you know,
fiscal headlines did start dominated. We
saw that in the Japanese yen in the
summer. We've been seeing that in the
pound for the last few months. Also
around the one big beautiful bill, you
know, in Q2, you did people started
getting concerned about the US Treasury
market as well. It's just a landscape
you're headed towards where the
developed markets landscape is becoming
a lot more dependent on fiscal easing
which is where governments need to be a
bigger part of you know supporting
economic growth and not every country
has the power that US has to keep
driving the AI boom and you know keep
driving productivity higher. Most of the
other G10 economies are so far behind.
In fact, China is the only country which
can compete with the US on that.
Unfortunately, not much of the G.
>> It's this idea of fiscal dominance being
the theme for 2026. On the point of the
US, if you have Kevin Hassid at the top
of a Fed, do assume fiscal dominance? Do
you assume that it's a Fed and a
government led by President Trump that
just tries to run it hot?
>> Uh, that was definitely the interesting
headline yesterday where you know
markets were waiting for the Fed
announcement before the end of the year.
Till yesterday markets had actually been
increasing the poly market odds of
Waller who's seen as the you know the
economic sound framework uh for the Fed
but the headlines yesterday that Kevin
Hasset might be the front runner spooked
markets a little bit brought that idea
that Fed independence the challenge is
still not out of the way that's still a
thing that which will be a big deal for
markets and Kevin Hasset is seen as a
little bit more of a Trump loyalist and
someone who is more just purely going to
act on economic rationale that if if it
comes out to be true and More
importantly, if the Lisa Cook hearing
goes in Trump's favor, I think that will
lead to a big risk premier shock in
markets. Rates sell off massively, the
dollar sells off massively, that's the
start of the major repricing of the Fed
independence being challenged.
>> And and what a change that would make.
We have yet to see that. Jayati, thank
you so much for joining us this morning.
That is Jayati Barage of TD Securities.
And and Matt, it is both a a sterling
and a guilt market that has started to
calm down. We're basically unchanged at
this point. So it does just feel to
Giant's point, it was just the early
release of the OBR statement that
spooked markets. But there is this issue
of credibility. If that's enough to
spook markets, how fragile are guilts?
>> Yeah. I mean, the interesting thing to
me is that they have a lower debt to GDP
ratio in Britain, than the French, much
lower than the US, and far lower than
the Japanese, and yet they pay more in
interest than any of those um national
competitors.
>> We'll continue to monitor the market
action coming up in the next hour. It's
Barbara Doran of BD8 Capital, Dana
Telsey of the Telsey Advisory Group, and
Lydia Bosor of EY and Benu Krishna of
Barclays.
>> I think we're going through this
breather from broadband standpoint. I
would be careful to be sure.
>> We are optimistic about the overall
technology cycle here.
>> Next year, we should see a broadening of
this AI scene
>> going into 26. Our call is for a
continued expansion of breadth in the
market.
>> This is Bloomberg Surveillance with
Jonathan Pharaoh, Lisa Abramowitz, and
An Marie Hordern.
>> It's the 30inut countdown for the next
test for this market. Good morning. I'm
Danny Burgerer alongside Matt Miller
taking over your surveillance airwaves
this morning. Weekly jobless claims
arrive into a fuzzy economic picture,
but stocks head for their fourth day of
gains regardless with a more clear view
into December. And that is rate cut odds
surging as yesterday gloomy consumer
confidence data overshadowing that the
Black Friday shopping season. That data
hit when we were on air yesterday and a
bond market rally ensued.
>> Yeah, absolutely. I mean, we had the uh
gloomy consumer confidence data, but it
doesn't always uh jive with what
consumers are actually doing in terms of
spending, right? We had some um stock
movers that were huge. Uh Kohl's was up
like 30%, right? Abbercrombie and Fitch
apparently
>> it's brought back um one of those brands
from the '90s that was very Hollister.
Um so consumers are out there spending.
They're just a little bit depressed
about it. I I think that Kohl's and
Abberromy are instructive because those
are kind of like middle inome companies,
right? And that's why Macy's did really
well off the back of it. So, it wasn't a
Walmart that's saying, "Hey, we're
dragging people down to come purchase
with us." It's companies that already
had that cohort and they're spending and
that's good news.
>> Yeah. Although we did have that delayed
data, retail spending in September was
only a gain of 0.2%. We were looking for
0.4 and the previous month was 0.6. So,
um, it doesn't necessarily look
fantastic.
>> Yeah, but that's September. We could
ignore move on to greater things.
Meanwhile, in this market, again, we are
attempting to put on a fourth day of
gain. Some of the rally pre-market
running out of steam despite an S&P that
is moving just a little bit higher, 210
of 1% your 10-year yield, that is little
change, up almost a basis points to 4%
again after that consumer confidence
data yesterday. And Kevin Hassid is the
front rider runner. NAx crude that falls
onetenth of a percent trading at the
lowest in a month. Coming up on this
hour, Barbara Duran of BD8 Capital
Partners with stocks eyeing that 4-day
winning streak. Dana Telsey of Telsey
Advisory Group as retailers face that
clouded outlook heading into the holiday
shopping season. And Lydia Basau of EY
as we break down the latest jobs data.
We begin this hour with stocks rising as
Wall Street looks in to keep rallying
for Thanksgiving. Barbara Duran of BD8
Capital Partners writing for now the AI
play is still the place to be. Avoid
small cap staples stick to quality large
cap secular secular growers over
cyclical. And Barbara Brown I'm pleased
to say joins us now. Really wonderful to
see you this morning. Nice to see you
Danny.
>> I'm interested by the fact you're not
looking at cyclicals right now or small
caps especially since there's this hope
that we're going to get Fed cuts. Maybe
you add in fiscal stimulus and there's
this reignition. Why are you still
ignoring those sectors?
>> Well, I think the Fed cut, you know, we
may have one more now, but the economy
has been doing fine, you know, without
aggressive Fed cuts, although we've had
about, you know, one and a half
percentage points in the last 14 months,
but we've seen a number of false starts
in terms of cyclicals and the small
caps. And I see the small caps really as
a trade because even with rates coming
down a little bit, you still 40% of the
Russell 2000 don't make money. They have
much higher um cost of capital than
return on investment typically. And
unless rates come down significantly on
the long end, I don't see them being
helped. So I see that that's continuing
as a trade. And in cyclicals, I think
you have to be very selective in
industrials for instance. I mean, you
want to be, I think, doing industrials
that are play on the AI build out and
infrastructure, automation, robotics,
that sort of thing. But it's hard to see
a big uh reignition here of the economy.
I think we're in for good growth, decent
growth, and certainly we've seen that
with the forward earnings guidance from
the companies who just reported a great
quarter. and certainly do have the the
uh big beautiful tax bill, you know, the
incentives coming there for capex and
and also bank deregulation which should
free up more capital to lend and spend.
So, next year is setting up nicely. I
>> I'm kind of confused why that's kind of
like a muddling along versus a growth
reignition because all of those do seem
like powerful forces, Barbara.
>> Yeah. Well, I think it is muddling along
and we've seen this, you know, this year
even with high supposedly high interest
rates that are quote restrictive, you've
seen the economy do okay and the
earnings. We just had the ninth quarter
in a row where earnings were up and in
fact they were better than expected some
13 plus% versus 8% expected, you know,
but it's still, you know, we talked
about AI, that is still the driver. I
mean, if you look at what the Mag 7 did
in earnings, X Meta, I take Meta out of
the mix because they had a $16 billion
onetime charge, right? But looking at
that, the overall Mag 7 were up 30%. You
know, in in aggregate earnings, and
that's versus a 28 plus percent for the
last four quarters. So, that's still the
driver here.
>> I wonder about the uh massive capex
plans that these companies have. You
mentioned Meta, right? They want to sp
spend, I think, a hundred billion
dollars next year. Um, is that
depreciation scary as Michael Bur warns
us about the fact that they're going to
buy all these chips which may be worth,
you know, 20% less the moment they drive
them off the lot?
>> Yeah, I mean the depreciation what's
what I really keep my eye on is the
demand, you know, and if you're looking
at very credible sources, you know, see
this market data infrastructure, data
center infrastructure going five times
what it is now. So that really speaks to
the demand that's out there. So I mean
he's arguing about what are the real
earnings this and that but to me it's
really what's the demand what's the
revenue potential and that is very real.
I mean you just saw an acceleration
there. I think that continues. We are
still in the early stages of this AI
rollout. So the concern about you know
we're in a bubble um there's too much
money being spent. I don't think at all
you're going to see increasing usage of
AI as it gets developed. H
>> when do we get that revenue? because I,
you know, started this job covering tech
companies as Cisco was, you know, the
the darling of the market and we were
spending as much as we could to lay
fiber for the internet in the late 90s,
early 2000s. And uh, lo and behold, the
revenue didn't come quickly enough.
Cisco fell and only now, like last week,
have you made money on Cisco if you
bought it in 1999 or 2000.
>> No, that's true. And I think so much
though is about the timing, you know,
because some of the great tech companies
of the past, you had great long runs and
made a lot of money, but all things do
come to an end. There's innovation, you
know, there's markets mature. I think
the AI play this is so big. And what
we're seeing, I always mention Meta as
the poster child, you know, for what's
happening in AI. They have been very
early on applying it to their own
business and you've seen the results
very quickly. They've increased their
user base. The engagement is up. They've
really increased their uh improved their
ad targeting. So they've improved more
dollars and you've got very early
penetration. AI is still, you heard it
from Palo Alto last week, they talked
about in their AI security, it's still
scaling up because their customers, the
big enterprises are still figuring out
how they're going to, you know, what AI
they need and how they're going to apply
it. So this is going to be you're going
to see these increases in productivity
over the next year or two. Exact timing,
hard to know, but it will just increase.
I mean, look at Chat GPT. You know, I
don't know about you all, but I use it
all the time and I increase my usage as
I discover more things. And they have
600 million users a week. And so, this
is really still and I talk to most of my
friends, they're like, "Yeah, I should
try it." There's still so much more to
come, both consumer and enterprise.
>> It definitely feels like something we're
waiting for, right? Like, when do the
other companies benefit from
productivity? I was looking at a
Brookings study that was published
recently where only 19% of their
respondents said that AI increased their
productivity. only 4% said it
significantly increased productivity.
Robert, to your point, we're still
trying to figure this out. So, as you're
looking for who benefits from AI, who
can use it, where does productivity come
from? Is it just too early to say? I
think it is. I think it is. I think we
see different companies that are
benefiting. But I think over the next 12
to 18 months, there's going to be some
dramatic stories to be told about the
improvements. And you look at we're
early on um autonomous driving. were
early on the deployment of robotics. I
mean, for instance, you know, you've got
um Amazon, you know, has a million
robots out there. And so, they're very
early on that curve, but a lot of people
are not. And so, those are things that
over the next year, and again, it's
about competition. That's why you're
seeing so much spending going into this
because people know, I've got to do
that. When you see people like Meta or
Amazon who are already early users of
all this and the productivity gains they
are seeing as a company management, you
go, we've got to do it, too. And that
requires spending up front.
>> Isn't there a chance though that they go
too far with that spending and at some
point it no longer gets rewarded by the
market? You're already starting to see
that in some of the hyperscalers, right?
>> Does that continue on?
>> Um, there's always that concern and I
think it's a legitimate concern because
at some point you can, and this is the
thing in a capitalist economy, you know,
you don't have central planning, so
everybody's rushing, you know, to go
after the profitability. Typical margins
come down. But I think where we are, the
demand is so explosive. It's not a six
ninemonth phenomenon. So at some point
that will be a factor. Right now you
know as far as the I can see you've just
got this demand this virtuous circle
that will just keep going and going. But
it is something you always have to
watch. We know that the uh the lifespan
of of industries what happens you
attract players they all want to make
money and eventually you can overbuild.
I don't think it's like fiber though.
You know fiber was much more limited.
That was a very specific application and
and very prone to being overbuilt. This
is just
>> Yeah, but at the end of the day, data
centers are just like empty boxes. Those
can't really be used for anything else
besides data centers. At least on the
infrastructure side, there's a chance we
overbuild. No,
>> we could mine Bitcoin, I guess.
>> True. You know,
>> great point, Matt.
>> No, true.
>> But that is that is a place that it
feels like we could go too far and a lot
of money has been put into that.
>> Yeah. No, it is. And because it is real
estate in the end, you know what's going
on there. But at the moment, again, we
everybody's watching that. It's like
we're watching private credit, you know,
in terms of possible systemic risk. It's
not there yet, you know, and so you
should still make a lot of money. And
that's what we're continue to have these
frights. Like, you know, I remember the
years when Amazon made no money and they
kept reinvesting, reinvesting, and at
least once a year investors would throw
up their hands and say they will never
make money and they'd sell the stock
off. Well, we now know how that story
has ended and I think we're going to
continue to see these concerns with AI
and their legitimate concerns. I just
think it's way early. Barbara, where do
you uh an investor who already has
exposure to the mega cap um
hyperscalers, an investor who already
has exposure to energy, where do you put
new money?
>> Yeah, it's a problem because you know in
terms of um because you will have new
companies starting, new applications and
all that sort of thing. So a lot of
people you can look at the food chain
you know what goes into energy like you
look at a company like GE Vernova very
expensive they have great um backlog but
they can only build so fast. So where do
you put the money there? You can look at
the suppliers and the components and all
that sort of thing. But for now, you
know, it's it's not only the
hyperscalers, it's the Broadcoms of the
world. I mean, you saw what Broadcom did
with the announcement that um Alphabet,
you know, is going to be selling their
TPUs, which are basically AS6, you know,
custom custom chips um to their
customers. And so you still have a lot
more to go there and you're going to
have these kinds of announcements, you
know, going on. And so that will change.
Look at Alphabet, you know, it has, you
know, outperformed. And just earlier
this year, it was a lagard. They had the
antitrust problems. People are like,
"Oh, they're going to be left behind in
the AI." And now look at it. It's like,
"Oh, the darling, the they're the star
of the show."
>> Now we all know what AS6 are
>> and what TPUs are. And it's it's been a
week of education. Barbara, thank you so
much for joining us. Barbara Doran of
BD8 Capital Partners. Let's get you an
update on stories elsewhere this
morning. Here's your brief with Vonnie
Quinn. Hey Vonnie.
>> Hey Danny. Thank you. Britain's Office
for Budget Responsibility unexpectedly
published the autumn budget on its
website ahead of the formal announcement
by Chancellor Rachel Reeves. The
document, which is usually published
after the finance minister's speech, was
uploaded to the OBR website and
available to download on an unprotected
link.
At least 13 people were killed and 15
more were injured when a major fire
broke out at an H tower high-rise
complex in Hong Kong. The fire has been
classified as a level five, the most
severe category.
The US is facing a potential electricity
crisis due to the surging demand for
energy to power AI. Schneider Electric
estimates an energy shortfall that could
have major impacts by 2033, including
outages and blackouts. Power demand from
data centers could double in the next
decade and could account for almost 9%
of all US demand according to estimates
pushing the grid closer to its limit.
And that's your Bloomberg brief. Danny
>> Ronnie, thank you so much. Up next, the
morning calls plus Dana Telsey of Telsey
Advisory Group as retailers face a
clouded outlook ahead of Black Friday.
That's next. You're watching Bloomberg
Surveillance.
It continues to be Nvidia's world. In my
opinion, it continues to only be 10:30
p.m. in that AI party that goes to 4:00
a.m. It's a 1996 moment, not a 1999 tech
bubble moment, and that continues to be
our view.
>> That was Dan Ies of Web Bush. Ever the
bull on all of tech, but it's not being
treated treated equally. Nvidia still
down in the pre-market while Alphabet is
up, but that's helping to lift the
overall market. NASDAQ 100 futures up
4/10en of a percent, S&P just over a
quarter, while your Russell 2000 futures
are flat. Time now for your morning
calls. First up, Bank of America raising
its price target on Kohl's to $18, but
keeping an underperform rating, saying
it it sees a long road to improved
profitability. Next up, UBS raises its
price target on Best Buy to $96.
Analysts there see signs of an
encouraging setup into next year.
Finally, Wells Fargo raises its price
target on Dixs to $225,
highlighting strong earnings results.
And let's stick with the retailers.
Consumer confidence fell in November by
the most in 7 months, signaling some
caution heading into the holiday
shopping season. Dana Telsey of Telsey
Advisory Group writing, quote,
"Businesses face a clouded outlook. The
tariffs remain in focus, keeping import
costs elevated across key sectors."
Dana, I'm pleased to say, joins us now.
Dana has the feeling of a choose your
own adventure. What do you listen to?
Consumer confidence dropping? Do you
listen to Kohl's or Dick Sporting Goods
saying that earnings are strong? Where
does the consumer stand right now?
Overall, and you're right, you have to
listen to a whole tapestry of items and
companies and what consumers are saying,
what the macro looks like. But overall,
I think consumers are engaged. I think
there's a real bifurcation between the
lower and middle income and the higher
end. I think companies are more agile
than they've ever been in figuring out
ways to engage and convert the consumer.
You're seeing it in the earnings with
the halves and the have nots. I mean,
look at the strength yesterday. Urban
Outfitters delivering a nearly 13%
comtore sales increase with lower
markdowns is impressive. At the same
time, you also have Abbercrombie and
Fitch continuing to show mid- teens
growth at Hollister and sequential
improvement at the Abbercrombie brand.
So, and then you have have nots. I mean,
Bath and Body Works has work to do in
reconfiguring their transformation plan.
>> I see you're saying have and have nots
in terms of the retailers, not in terms
of consumers. Because we always hear
about the K-shaped economy, you know,
the top 10% or the top quintiles doing
so well. The bottom 80% are struggling.
Who is shopping at Kohl's? Who is
shopping at Urban Outfitters? Who is
shopping at Hollister?
>> Overall, you're seeing the lower to
middle inome consumers looking for value
and they're getting the shoppers. It's
Walmart they're shopping at. It is
Kohl's the improvement that you've seen.
But take a look at the off-pricers at
TJX, Ross Stores, and Burlington.
They're capturing more consumers who are
looking for value because even at the
upper end, and we've heard it yesterday
from Urban Outfitters, consumers are
being more discerning, choiceful, and
looking for value when they spend. The
flags are out for promotions for Black
Friday. 30 to 40% is what I saw as I
walked the streets last night. We're
going to see more tomorrow and Friday.
And I do know a store that's open on
Thursday because there's not a day I
won't be in a store now. I'm going to be
in one tomorrow.
>> Uh, will you be in a Target? What's
going on with that?
>> I'm going to be in Aritzia tomorrow cuz
they're open. I I uh on the Target side,
there's work to do at Target. Obviously,
new CEO comes in fixing store standards,
enhancing product offering because
competition is big and it's big from
Walmart and it's big from the the
officers. Target was supposed to be or
it had been, at least in my experience,
growing up going to Target, would it be
kind of exciting? You'd go in buying
wanting one thing and end up buying a
bunch of other things. How does a
company like that in this moment when
you have choosy consumers do a
turnaround? Others have been successful.
You were pointing at Kohl's, but is it a
difficult environment to engineer that
right now?
>> It there's no environment when it's not
difficult to engineer a turnaround. What
you have though is you have the playbook
of what was successful in the past to
help to capture consumers in the future.
What drives demand, newness and value.
The other thing that they have
convenience because of their locations.
So let's watch over the next year year
and a half to see exactly what newness
means to target. One of the other
remarkable things in these earnings from
the retailers was that margins have been
looking pretty healthy, too. It was
supposed to be a sector that was hurt by
tariffs. He even had a president at the
start of the week tweeting out or
posting on X saying those of you who
have frontr run tariffs and have been
stockpiling that's going to end and soon
you're going to be having to pay tariffs
just that on its very surface Dana do
the good margins continue
>> overall what one of the things we've
been seeing with the tariffs yes we have
been seeing price increases we've been
tracking 80 items of prices every week
since April when the tariffs began to be
put in place and overall we're seeing a
gradual move up particularly on footwear
there but everything else it's up and
down given promotional times now goods
that are there they're all tariffed
right now everyone's watching India
there's concerns but what have they done
to manage their margins the marketing
spend is leading to effective conversion
they're managing the inventory levels
and overall consumers are engaged you
can't bet against the US consumer
>> I just I'd never heard of Aritzia
>> um I hadn't I see that they have 20 to
50% off everything right now but also
know that their stock is up 368%
over the past 5 years. This year alone,
they've doubled. What is that?
>> Why haven't you heard of it? So, what
Aritzia is is a Canadian apparel
retailer with subbrands. They're known
for their super puff and their puffer
jacket. They've just they have three
stores in Manhattan that are flagship
stores. The newest one just opened in
Flat Iron on 19th and 5th. And they did
a collaboration with Luchia Pizza in
Aritzia. So, if you want pizza, go to
Aritzia. They also have an A-OK cafe
with the croissants, too.
>> Matt, they their thing is in the store.
They have a giant version of their
puffer. Like as if a giant were to come
down to earth and wanted a jacket,
they'd go to Ritzy and buy it. You can
pose in it, get in one of the sleeves.
It's very fun.
>> I'm collecting uh Christmas ideas um for
Tom Keane. I'll get him one of those.
Hey, uh I wonder about the the uh Scotas
case on tariffs. If they strike down
tariffs and you know refunds then have
to go out, do retailers stand to
benefit? Is that something investors are
betting on? Uh
>> there's a lot of things for next year
that could be tailwinds. That is
certainly one of them and yes investors
definitely look at that for retail but
you know we have a lot of events whether
it's the World Cup whether it's the
Olympics that are coming up. We have
sporting events that frankly help drive
demand. The other thing, tax refunds are
going to come also and you're going to
lap the tariffs beginning in the second
and third quarter. So those are all
things that investors are looking at to
say what can we see the retailers bounce
off of. We saw the big bounce yesterday
because the retail stocks were oversold.
We're going to watch through the holiday
season and Black Friday is here. So I
hope you'll join me in the stores.
>> Maybe online, Tana. I don't know about
in the stores. I don't know if I can
handle that.
>> I feel it. And you feel it in the
stores. are. Well, you you can let me
know what the feeling was and I can live
it vicariously. Along with the tax
rebates, you also have the $2,000
promise checks coming out that Trump has
said because of tariffs. Scott Bessant
was talking to Fox News a couple days
ago and basically said, "We think
Americans are going to save this money.
Where do you think that money goes? Are
Americans going to save this or does
that turn around go right into the
retailers?"
>> I think they'll go into the retailers.
You know what else? Look at experiences.
Look at travel. You hear about all the
travel for this weekend. people going to
visit their families. Memory experiences
create memories and I think they're
going to spend on that. Also,
>> there was that really negative note I
believe from Barclays though about
Carnival that they went and they talked
to management and they were really down.
That seems like a problem, Dana, cuz
cruises has been one of those things we
pointed to being like the consumer is
doing really well. They're still out
there. They're still spending. They're
still traveling,
>> right? I would think that travel
overall, we've definitely have seen some
of the higher price travel, luxury is
where it's at. the main cabin is slower
than what you have with luxury and
premium. And you've heard that from the
deltas of the world also.
>> By the way, there's been a bifurcation
in luxury as well. I've noticed that
some uh
>> for example, Ferrari um scared investors
a little bit on their capital markets
day. On the other hand, uh you hear from
others Lamborghini um which still
doesn't have any problem pushing tariff
uh cost increases. How do you see that?
And I obviously only focus on cars, but
how do you see it otherwise in luxury?
One of the things that came out with the
European luxury brands that reported
whether the LVMH's or the Carrings and
all the others is sequential
improvement. China's not getting worse
for them. North America is driven by
locals. But it all depends on what do
you have that's of interest that the
consumer doesn't have already to buy.
And these collaborations mean
everything. Whether it's Tik Tok,
whether it's music, whether it's sport
>> or pizza and puffer jackets.
>> Exactly. And I saw with the F1, didn't
Beyonce just was at the F1 office also.
She was there with Louis wearing a Louis
Vuitton outfit.
>> Yes. Okay. Danny was there too. Okay.
>> Not at the one Beyonce was at that. And
I did not have a Louis Vuitton outfit,
although I wish I did. Dana, I'm first
of all, I'm very excited to hear what
you buy on Black Friday. So, please come
join us again soon. And thank you for
joining us before your shopping
excursion into Aritzia. That's Dana
Telsey of Telsey Advisory Group. Coming
up on the show, we're going to get the
latest jobless claims that are set to
cross as a drip feed of economic data
comes in among the fog that Jay Powell
and crew are driving through. We'll
catch up with Lydia Basor of EY who
joins us next to react. You're watching
Bloomberg Surveillance.
seconds away from the latest weekly
jobless data. A market that is pushing
higher for a fourth consecutive day
after the biggest 3-day gain since May.
S&P 500 futures up a third of a percent.
NASDAQ outperforms despite the fact
Nvidia is falling. That is up 4/10en of
1% this morning. Thank you, Alphabet.
Meanwhile, your Russell 2000 futures,
those are little changed, is higher by
007%.
Meanwhile, data coming in the latest
jobless claims. Let's go over to
Bloomberg's Mike McKe who has the
numbers. Mike,
>> well, no help for the we need to cut
immediately crowd at the Federal
Reserve. Jobless claims come in at
216,000 after a revised 222 the prior
week, suggesting we're still in that low
hire but very low fire environment.
We're not seeing people being added to
the unemployment roles at a high rate at
all. In fact, they're going down on a
continuing claims basis. 1,960,000.
That's up slightly from 1,953,000
the revised number for the prior week.
So jobless claims still showing a
reasonably strong labor market uh if not
for getting jobs at least for not losing
them. Durable goods orders come in half
a percent that is exactly as
anticipated. These are September
numbers. uh capital goods uh shipments
uh orders non-defense xair the core uh
group that we look at to uh simulate
business spending up 9/10en of a percent
that's three times as much as was
expected and up from 4/10 in the month
of August. So a strong business spending
uh in report for the month of September.
We'll have to see exactly what
categories those fell in, but uh at this
point um we're still seeing some
strength in the overall economy.
>> Mike, uh Danny and I have been talking
about Fed independence and it does seem
like the president is just chipping away
at that um pretty consistently.
However, maybe previous presidents have
done so in their own way. Does the
market care?
Uh, I don't think the market cares at
this point because they still see uh the
same cast of characters are at the Fed
and nothing has really changed. Uh,
they're concerned a little bit with the
idea that the Fed is divided, but that's
happened before. The real question is
going to be when the president finally
nominates a new chair and uh whether the
market thinks that person is going to do
the bidding of the president or do the
bidding of the economy. That'll be when
we really start to see the questions
about independence flare up. Ben,
>> Mike, thank you very much for that. That
is Bloomberg's Michael McKe. And it's a
market that is not changing much off the
back of that. Stocks still higher and
yields still higher, too. Coming back
from a drop to 4% for your 10-year
yield. That moved to the lowest in a few
weeks off the back of weaker economic
data yesterday. Again, little changed
this morning. Lydia Bosau of EY joins us
now. Lydia, great to see you. It's the
same kind of figures for jobless claims,
low hiring, low firing, but it comes off
the back of weak data yesterday when it
comes to consumer sentiment, but really
strong earnings. How are you currently
interpreting the tea leaves?
>> Yeah. So, we're finally starting to get
some more visibility on on how the
economy fared heading into um the the
government shutdown, but also um how the
labor market is evolving, looking at
claims. And what I'm seeing is an
economy that's holding up. Uh but we are
seeing some cracks beneath the surface.
If you look at the labor market, there
are no signs of broad-based layoffs.
Claims are still fairly low. But then
when you look at job growth and you look
at how concentrated job growth has
become, uh we are seeing you know some
fragility uh in in this labor market.
Companies have been using hiring and and
keeping a tight lid on on hiring as a
way to manage these higher costs that
they're facing. uh and also all the
elevated uncertainty that we are seeing.
So it's you know a labor market that's
essentially holding up in this fragile
balance um and um this you know low
higher low fire environment as as you
put it
>> if it is fragility Lydia why do you
expect the Fed to pause in December?
>> Well we actually are seeing increased uh
likelihood of of that recut happening. I
think it's it's a really close call. Um,
you know, if you look at where we were a
few weeks ago, we were coming out of the
Fed minutes showing that many
participants thought that, um, you know,
keeping interest rates unchanged
throughout the the end of the year would
be the appropriate path. We had Fed
Chair Powell um um on on the back of the
October press conference saying that um
it's not a done deal. Um, now we've seen
some soft data as as you mentioned. Uh,
we are seeing a labor market that's
still softening. we are seeing inflation
still quite contained. There's no
disorderly increase in in inflation um
at at the moment and then we've heard
those dobbish comments from Fed
officials. So um I think you know the
the odds of that rate cut have
increased. Now I think there is a lot of
focus on on that December cut um when
you look at you know the um the FOMC
minutes we saw that many participants
and most participants thought that you
know a recalibration and and more easing
in policy is is in the pipeline. So if
it doesn't happen in December, it could
happen in in January.
>> So Lydia, your forecast then you get one
in January, 25 basis points, and you get
one more for 50 basis points of total
easing through the year. Does that
forecast change if it is Fed Chair Kevin
Hasset that we have in 2026?
>> I mean, for now, if you think about the
path for interest rates uh over the next
few months, um I think it's really going
to depend on on how the labor market is
evolving. Um, on the inflation front,
our view is that uh we're likely to see
a peak around 3% uh on on inflation, we
still have a little bit of inflation
pressure in the pipeline, but I don't
think that's going to be enough to lead
the Fed to pivot again towards that, you
know, inflation risk and and focus on
the inflation risk. So, if you think
about the labor market and what's going
to happen in the next few months, we do
expect to see more softness in in the
labor market and and remaining in that
sluggish job growth environment. And we
think that, you know, there's going to
be a little bit more room for the Fed to
continue that recalibration and and ease
policy at least in uh in in the first
quarter of the year.
>> Is that going to help Lydia the labor
market? I mean, we had news from HP this
morning saying they're to cut four to
6,000 employees because they're using
more AI tools. In that case, why does it
matter if rates come down?
I think you know what what's been really
happening in terms of hiring and um and
business decision is is really the
elevated uncertainty we've been in over
the past year which has led company to
really put the hit the brakes on on
hiring but also using wage compression
as a way to manage cost and that mean
that wage growth has continued to slow
um we've seen wage growth slowing at the
lower end of of the income spectrum even
more than for higher income households
and so if you think about next year
we've got a little bit more um certainty
on on the policy front or at least we're
getting past that you know big
uncertainty cloud that we had this year.
Um and then there are a few tailwinds
when you think about you know 2026 uh
thinking about you know some uh fiscal
spending but also um you know the
economy essentially gradually picking up
throughout 2026. So I think the labor
market is going to remain in that soft
environment at least in the first half
of the year and then we expect to see a
gradual pickup and you know consumer
demand this this labor market is really
going to lead to slower income growth
and and lead the consumer to also slow
down. So, I think we've got a great we
got a great summer and an economy that
was carrying a lot of momentum, but you
know, heading into the end of the year
and into early 2026, we do expect to see
a bit a bit of a slowdown in in in the
economy.
>> But Lydia, what if we get $2,000 checks?
What if it's a Fed that starts to inject
more liquidity? What if we get tax
rebates? These seem to be big drivers of
growth. what is the line between the
slowdown that you see and potential for
reaceleration?
>> Yeah, I mean these would be you know
would provide some support um probably
more on on a one-off basis. So you would
see you know a boost to consumer
spending uh from from those checks. But
you know if you think about the
environment we are in today um and the
environment we were in today you know
during the pandemic for instance when we
got the checks back then um we still
have an economy that uh is you know a
lot more into balance when it comes to
uh labor supply when it comes to um you
know looking at goods supply as well. We
had a lot of supply disruptions back
then. So we might see a bit of a bump in
demand uh in in early 2026. Uh but I
don't think that would be a source of
you know sustained upward pressure in
the economy and lead to the economy to
essentially run hot. Um so so you know I
I think when you think about 2026 we're
looking at an economy that will be more
operating around trend u than an economy
that's going to be overheating.
>> Lydia wonderful to catch up with you
this morning. That's Lydia Bosour of EY.
Meanwhile, Bloomberg's Mike McKe has
been standing by digging through the
details of the latest data release.
Mike, what you looking at?
>> Well, as Linda said, we had a pretty
good summer and it continued into the
month of September in terms of business
spending. Overall, as we mentioned, uh,
durable goods orders come up in up half
a percent, but the capital goods
non-defense xair proxy for business
spending is up 2.6%.
And you can certainly parse out the
possibility was at uh AI rather and uh
construction of factories or or plants
for that uh because we see electrical
equipment up 1 and a.5% and computers
and electronics up half a percent. What
durable goods was not was a Boeing
affected data point this time. Uh the
non-defense aircraft orders were down
6.1%.
Oh, it will be a still a fairly strong
4/10en of a percent. So, uh still good
news on that front and it's a overall a
good news story even if that is
September adds to third quarter growth.
But I think the uh thing that the
markets are going to take away today is
that 216,000
jobless claims. That's the most recent
data we have. That is the lowest since
April. Mike, are are we already seeing
this incredible um you know AI data
center capex lead to an addition of jobs
or an addition of growth in this
economy?
>> No, we're not. I mean, we are seeing it
add to growth. Uh the business spending
on goods to create these factories uh is
showing up. What's not showing up is a
lot of buying in other areas. machinery
orders this month were up just a tenth
of a percent and we have seen a number
of months in a row with manufacturing
jobs contracting. So, we're not there
yet. Scott Bessett says it's coming.
We'll wait and see.
>> What about the flip side of that, Mike?
Uh Matt was talking about it. The idea
that you have HPs of the world
announcing that they are laying off
workers, yes, over the next three years,
but because of AI.
Yeah, that's the question that nobody
can answer is how fast will AI affect
the workforce and actually how will it
affect the workforce? Will it mean the
loss of a lot of jobs? We really don't
know what jobs there are going to be
coming out of a uh a yacht AI yet. And
we don't know uh how that is going to
affect the labor force. That's something
that everybody's trying to figure out.
Nobody really has a good clue as to what
it's going to be like 5 years down the
line.
>> And yet the companies are making the
announcements. Mike, thank you so much.
Bloomberg's Michael McKe. I I think
that's the point. Nobody knows what the
world is going to be looking like.
Nobody knows how productive AI will
actually be. So, our company's really
laying off people because they're using
more AI,
>> right? Well, but it could be drastically
different than we expected. You know, I
remember um in the week of the Deep Seek
announcement, reading a story in the New
York Times about how in the future,
countries that are turning away
immigrants now are all going to be
fighting for labor, right? But maybe
that's not the case. Maybe we're going
to be sitting on the beach collecting a
universal basic income because AI does
our jobs for us.
>> And every day is a Black Friday sale,
eating turkey. I I love this idea.
Heading into Thanksgiving. All right,
let's get an update on stories elsewhere
this morning. Here with your Bloomberg
brief is Vonnie Quinn. Hey, Vonyie.
>> Hey, Danny. Well, just recapping the
official data released. Initial jobless
claims coming in at 216,000 for the week
ended November 22nd. That's lower than
the estimate which called for 225,000
and it's a tick down from the prior week
of 220,000 claims. Now continuing claims
for the prior week totaled 1.96
100,000 about 300,000 less than
estimated.
Volkswagen is bringing back its scout
line of SUVs and pickup trucks as a
brand of hybrid vehicles. The Scout line
was originally conceived to be made as
EVs, but consumer deposits for the new
models showed a strong preference for
plug-in hybrid versions over EVs.
Volkswagen plans to start production in
2027, the starting price of around
$60,000.
US Airlines are preparing for the
busiest Thanksgiving travel time period
on record. Airlines for America
predicting 31 million passengers will
travel from November 21st through
December 1st. A cold snap and forecasted
thunderstorms are raising the threat of
delays. Fuel supply constraints and tech
outages could also add disruptions. And
that is your Bloomberg brief. Donnie
>> Bonnie, thank you very much. Coming up
next, Venu Krishna of Barclays as he's
raising his outlook for the new year.
Plus, Vonnie Quinn returns with your
morning movers. Dear shares losing
traction after an outlook disappoints,
down nearly 5% in the pre-market. This
is Bloomberg TV.
No doubt we will face opposition again,
but I have yet to see a credible or a
fairer alternative. ative plan for
working people.
These are my choices, the right choices
for a fairer, a stronger and more secure
Britain. UK Chancellor Rachel Reeves
unveiling the autumn budget getting now
a good reception from markets.
Originally with an early release from
the OBR, markets freaked out, sold
guilts. Now guilts are rallying. So too
is the pound up two ten of 1%. For this
equity market here in the US, it appears
to be another day of a rally up 3/10en
of 1% for the S&P. NASDAQ outperforms
even more as Russell 2000 futures are
flat. We are just under 1 hour away from
the cash open. Here with your morning
movers is Vonnie Quinn. Hey Vonnie. Hey
Danny. Well, we still have some
stragglers when it comes to earnings.
Let's start with Workday. It's already
had a pretty difficult year to date.
It's down 13% and it's down another 6%
pre-market. So, it came out with
results. Analysts have been a little bit
worried about Workday because it's a
cloud software company and they're
wondering how generative AI tools are
going to impact this company. Now, in
terms of this quarter's results, it
either met or very small beat on most of
the the metrics. However, the Q4
guidance was pretty conservative and it
misses on its Q4 guidance in terms of
margins. And this has a lot of analysts
downgrading or price target downgrading
the stock. Price targets lowered at UBS,
RBC, Bernstein, but we did have Morgan
Stanley raising its price target there
to 280.
Let's take a look at a different story.
Autoesk flat this year, but it beat and
raised and it's up, as you can see, more
than 7% getting a big analyst reaction.
Upgrades at Deutsche Bank, price target
upgrades at Bank of America, Wells
Fargo, UBS, Barkclays, it goes on
and on. The deal here is that one of its
verticals, the design vertical that
encompasses architecture, engineering,
construction, operations, that saw a 23%
increase. It also said, look, we've been
using AI for the last 10 years with
in-house products. The whole macro AI
picture is not going to change what we
do and how we do it one bit and that's
getting a very generous reaction. Deer,
this is the farming community. We know
they've had a tough time. Big E, it
appears, has not seen the trough yet,
according to deer CEO. That'll come next
year. now. So it missed in terms of
margins. It also missed in terms of its
forecast for net income by a big margin.
So Bloomberg estimates were 5.3 billion.
It's going to be between four and 4 and
3/4. So that's quite a big miss. One
bright spot as I mentioned earlier is
that for small A, there was growth
there, revenue growth of more than 10%
on things like turf and smaller
machinery.
>> Bonnie, thank you very much. Those
shares down 4.6%. Looking ahead to the
new year, Vener Krishna of Barclays is
raising his 2026 S&P 500 price target to
7,400, writing, we see upside to tech
EPS estimates as mega caps continue to
execute and with the AI race showing no
signs of slowing. I'm pleased to say
that venue joins us now. I got to say
you could even look at that as a very
conservative forecast given Deutsche
Bank is somewhere around 8,000. So what
gets us to 7,400 next year?
>> I think a good part is through earnings.
So we are expecting earnings to increase
double digits around 11%. Uh in our
upside case obviously we expect that to
be a little stronger than that. Uh and
we have been being conservative on the
multiple front. Uh because if you've
seen especially the fulcrum of this
market has been big tech and there
multiples have been moderating as they
earn into their multiples.
>> It is a year where it does feel like
that bullish case is easier to make. But
if you're to make the flip side argument
you could look at what happened over the
past week. Maybe you get a
disappointment that the Fed doesn't cut
as much and that really hurt the AI
trade and all of a sudden questions were
asked about whether they could keep
spending and whether this would be a
market that would keep funding them.
>> Yeah.
>> What happens if we get more of that next
year? If leadership is in doubt, can you
get to 7,400?
>> I think it'll be challenging uh because
you do need tech to deliver and we are
very positive on the overall TMT space
and this is how we think about it. So
you're talking about how to uh think
about the downside scenario, right? In
what ways can we So I think a slowdown
in the uh AI narrative driven by the
capital spending is certainly one of the
things but when we dig into it deeper
and recognize that the AI trade is far
beyond the hyperscalers and hyperscalers
are in actually pretty good shape. What
we think is the earnings risk is limited
but the valuation risk is higher. So in
a scenario in which the AI narrative uh
shifts uh away uh then we can see a 10
to 15% correction in the equity market.
However, a less probable but a more
dangerous outcome is one in which you
have a economic slowdown which is
triggered either by weakness in the
labor market and or uh inflation moving
the wrong way. That is likely to then be
accompanied with a corresponding
pullback in AI capex as well. that
combination is going to be far worse and
could result in a 20 30% correction. So
that is I think a real tale event but it
is worth pondering that in an
environment like this.
>> Well that could come from uh we had
Schneider Electric say that uh by 2028
the amount of electric generation
available at peak times will not be
enough to match demand if we hold the
same backup capacity. So, you know, the
grids, it's no surprise to anybody, are
old and decrepit and really need uh work
in this country and may not get it. Is
that could that have the same effect as
the economic slowdown that you're
concerned about?
>> Absolutely. In fact, if you think about
the AI capex and think what can derail
it, uh I would we actually discussed
that in detail about a month and a half
ago. And the first among that is the
power wall is a power constraint you're
talking about because right now while on
one hand the demand for for compute is
far higher than supply, supply is being
constrained by power, right? And so that
is a very real constraint. The second is
in the in the technology itself. What if
the models themselves start leveling off
at a time where rest of the software and
the component technology improves? So in
other words, it is the risk of the dark
fiber moment uh for AI where the amount
of usage demand for the infrastructure
is a lot less than what you built right
something harsh back to 25 years ago
what happened. By the way, for those for
those who weren't there, dark fiber is
what we called all the excess fiber that
had been laid in 2000 and no one was
using, right? And this is the concern
that we could be seeing history repeat
itself,
>> right? But I think more than that, one
of the constraints we did point out was
about financing. That has now come to
the forefront. So right now, the two
issues people are concerned about is the
power constraint. I would still say
that's number two, even though that's
very real. In my mind, that's number one
constraint. The other one is financing.
As the AI sort of capital spending is
moving to credit markets, increasingly
people are focusing on can that market
absorb that scale of uh issuance and
where is risk pricing and clearing in
those markets and
>> more focused on that than anyone else.
>> Uh what's that?
>> You know who's more focused on that than
anyone else?
>> He's talking about me for sure. But I
think it's kind of analogous to the
power thing. There's so much power
needed. These are power hungry projects.
They're also capital hungry projects
that you need financing to come from
every corner. Be it private credit, be
it from syndicate bond markets. So what
does that mean if any one of those
corners starts to back off? How fragile
is it? Or do you think it is a funding
market that will be willing in every
aspect to throw money even if open AI is
just lighting it on fire and losing?
>> No, that funding market is going to be
more disciplined, right? Right. And one
of the sources you didn't mention we
actually we wrote a note yesterday was
that just in AI infrastructure
130 billion has been raised in the US
convertible bond market. Right. So
that's a market which is humming right
now. Uh because a lot of it we are
estimating broadly speaking about 60 70%
of the market is now AI based. Right?
And so if even if you look at the credit
markets you know Amazon recently issued
a much bigger uh you know uh credit
transaction. Now it was way overs
subscribed and the last I checked it was
trading a little tighter than where it
was priced across six different
branches. So I think the each market
will determine the right pricing.
>> Uh and you need to pay an attention
though how that's being priced because
it will ultimately have implications for
the equity markets as well.
>> Venu, not enough time with you. This has
been so fascinating. Venu Krishna of
Barclays, thank you so much. Fortunately
for everyone else, if you're not sick of
Matt Miller and me yet, we will continue
on for the next two hours getting into
your market open. In the meantime,
coming up on this show on uh tomorrow,
Ben Ladler of Besco, Joelena Sakalova of
Morning Star, Ian Hartnett of Absolute
Strategy. This was Bloomberg
Surveillance.